Steel - Testing, Properties, Manufacturing | Britannica Search Britannica Click here to search Search Britannica Click here to search Subscribe Now Subscribe Login Home History & Society Science & Tech Biographies Animals & Nature Geography & Travel Arts & Culture Money Games & Quizzes Videos On This Day One Good Fact Dictionary New Articles History & Society Lifestyles & Social Issues Philosophy & Religion Politics, Law & Government World History Science & Tech Health & Medicine Science Technology Biographies Browse Biographies Animals & Nature Birds, Reptiles & Other Vertebrates Bugs, Mollusks & Other Invertebrates Environment Fossils & Geologic Time Mammals Plants Geography & Travel Geography & Travel Arts & Culture Entertainment & Pop Culture Literature Sports & Recreation Visual Arts Companions Demystified Image Galleries Infographics Lists Podcasts Spotlight Summaries The Forum Top Questions #WTFact 100 Women Britannica Kids Saving Earth Space Next 50 Student Center Ask the Chatbot Games & Quizzes History & Society Science & Tech Biographies Animals & Nature Geography & Travel Arts & Culture Money Videos steel Table of Contents Introduction Properties of steel The base metal: iron Effects of carbon Effects of heat-treating Effects of alloying Testing of properties Types of steel Chemical composition Application High-strength low-alloy steels Free-machining steels Wear-resistant steels Bearing steels Stainless steels Electrical steels Tool steels Shape and surface Flat products Long products Standards Primary steelmaking Principles Raw materials Oxidation reactions The slag Removing sulfur Removing carbon Removing oxygen Alloying Removing hydrogen and nitrogen Refractory liner Testing Basic oxygen steelmaking The charge The furnace The process Variations Electric-arc steelmaking The charge The furnace The process Variations Open-hearth steelmaking The furnace The process Induction melting Secondary steelmaking The ladle The shell Tapping Stirring and storing Ladle metallurgy Controlling temperature Slag removal Stirring and injecting Desulfurizing Vacuum treatment Argon-oxygen decarburization The converter The process Casting of steel Ingot pouring Solidification processes Pouring procedures Continuous casting Tundish, mold, and secondary zone Design principles Billet, bloom, beam, and slab Casting procedures Variations Special solidification processes Vacuum ingot pouring Vacuum arc remelting (VAR) Electroslag remelting (ESR) Steel foundry Forming of steel Principles Slabs and blooms Plates Hot strip Cold strip Billets, bars, and rods Billets Bars Rods Shapes Tubes Welded tubes Seamless tubes Open-die forging Wire Treating of steel Heat-treating Annealing Quenching and tempering Surface treating Pickling Cleaning Surface coating History Primary steelmaking Early iron and steel Blister steel Crucible steel Bessemer steel The open hearth Oxygen steelmaking Electric steelmaking Secondary steelmaking Alloying Hardening and strengthening Microalloyed steels Stainless steels Forming and casting Casting Tubes Forging Foundry Plates and sheet World steel production References & Edit History Related Topics Images & Videos For Students steel summary Quizzes Building Blocks of Everyday Objects Related Questions What was Andrew Carnegie best known for? Read Next 10 Inventions That Changed Your World Discover 5 Unbelievable Facts About Christopher Columbus Why Do We Celebrate Halloween? Pro and Con: Abortion The Mysterious Death of Edgar Allan Poe Inventors and Inventions of the Industrial Revolution 11 Egyptian Gods and Goddesses What Causes the Northern and Southern Lights? Contents Technology Industry Testing of properties in steel in Properties of steel Actions Cite verified Cite While every effort has been made to follow citation style rules, there may be some discrepancies. 			Please refer to the appropriate style manual or other sources if you have any questions. Select Citation Style MLA APA Chicago Manual of Style Copy Citation Share Share Share to social media Facebook X URL https://www.britannica.com/technology/steel Give Feedback External Websites Feedback Corrections? Updates? Omissions? Let us know if you have suggestions to improve this article (requires login). Feedback Type Select a type (Required) Factual Correction Spelling/Grammar Correction Link Correction Additional Information Other Your Feedback Submit Feedback Thank you for your feedback Our editors will review what you’ve submitted and determine whether to revise the article. External Websites Chemistry LibreTexts - Steel National Center for Biotechnology Information - PubMed Central - Utilization of structural steel in buildings Britannica Websites Articles from Britannica Encyclopedias for elementary and high school students. steel - Children's Encyclopedia (Ages 8-11) Print print Print Please select which sections you would like to print: Table Of Contents Cite verified Cite While every effort has been made to follow citation style rules, there may be some discrepancies. 			Please refer to the appropriate style manual or other sources if you have any questions. Select Citation Style MLA APA Chicago Manual of Style Copy Citation Share Share Share to social media Facebook X URL https://www.britannica.com/technology/steel Feedback External Websites Feedback Corrections? Updates? Omissions? Let us know if you have suggestions to improve this article (requires login). Feedback Type Select a type (Required) Factual Correction Spelling/Grammar Correction Link Correction Additional Information Other Your Feedback Submit Feedback Thank you for your feedback Our editors will review what you’ve submitted and determine whether to revise the article. External Websites Chemistry LibreTexts - Steel National Center for Biotechnology Information - PubMed Central - Utilization of structural steel in buildings Britannica Websites Articles from Britannica Encyclopedias for elementary and high school students. steel - Children's Encyclopedia (Ages 8-11) Written by E.F. Wondris Metallurgical consultant. Former Chief Metallurgical Engineer, National Steel Corporation, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. E.F. Wondris , Edward F. Wente Professor of Egyptology, Oriental Institute and Department of Near Eastern Languages and Civilizations, University of Chicago. Author of Late Ramesside Letters. Edward F. Wente • All Fact-checked by The Editors of Encyclopaedia Britannica Encyclopaedia Britannica's editors oversee subject areas in which they have extensive knowledge, whether from years of experience gained by working on that content or via study for an advanced degree. They write new content and verify and edit content received from contributors. The Editors of Encyclopaedia Britannica Last Updated: Oct 11, 2024 • Article History Table of Contents Ask the Chatbot a Question Ask the Chatbot a Question The testing of steel’s properties often begins with checking hardness. This is measured by pressing a diamond pyramid or a hard steel ball into the steel at a specific load. The Vickers Diamond Pyramid Hardness tester , which measures the DPH mentioned above, uses an indenter with an included angle of 136° between opposite faces of a pyramid and usually a load of 10, 30, or 50 kilograms-force. The diagonal of the impression is measured optically, and the hardness expressed as the load in kilograms-force divided by the impressed area of the pyramid in square millimetres. Tensile and yield strength are determined by pulling a standardized machined sample in a special hydraulic press and recording the pulling force at increasing elongations until the sample breaks. The elongation at this point, and the way the fracture looks, are good indications of the steel’s ductility . Measuring the pulling force at 0.20 percent elongation and dividing it by the test bar’s cross section are a means of calculating the yield strength, a good indicator of cold formability. Impact toughness is determined by hitting a standardized, prismatic, notched sample with a test swing hammer and recording the work required to break it. This is performed at different temperatures, because brittleness increases as temperature falls. There are many other tests used in the industry to check a steel’s mechanical properties, such as wear tests for rails, drawability tests for sheets, and bending tests for wire . Metallographic laboratories examine the microstructure of polished and etched steel samples, often on computerized and very powerful (up to 80,000× magnification) microscopes. Laboratories also check physical data such as thermal elongation and electromagnetic properties. Chemical composition is often checked by completely automated spectrometers. There are also several nondestructive tests as, for example, the ultrasonic test and magnaflux test used to check for internal and external flaws such as laminations or cracks. News • An exhibit by a North Bay artist asks questions about rural and northern masculinity • Oct. 6, 2024, 3:23 AM ET (CBC) ... (Show more) Election forecaster moves Peltola, Steel reelection bids to toss-ups • Sep. 20, 2024, 6:50 AM ET (The Hill) Show less Types of steel There are several thousand steel grades either published, registered, or standardized worldwide, all of which have different chemical compositions , and special numbering systems have been developed in several countries to classify the huge number of alloys. In addition, all the different possible heat treatments, microstructures, cold-forming conditions, shapes, and surface finishes mean that there is an enormous number of options available to the steel user. Fortunately, steels can be classified reasonably well into a few major groups according to their chemical compositions, applications, shapes, and surface conditions. Chemical composition On the basis of chemical composition, steels can be grouped into three major classes: carbon steels, low-alloy steels, and high-alloy steels. All steels contain a small amount of incidental elements left over from steelmaking. These include manganese , silicon , or aluminum from the deoxidation process conducted in the ladle, as well as phosphorus and sulfur picked up from ore and fuel in the blast furnace . Copper and other metals, called residuals, are introduced by scrap used in the steelmaking furnace. Because all these elements together normally constitute less than 1 percent of the steel, they are not considered alloys. Carbon steels are by far the most produced and used, accounting for about 90 percent of the world’s steel production. They are usually grouped into high-carbon steels, with carbon above 0.5 percent; medium-carbon steels, with 0.2 to 0.49 percent carbon; low-carbon steels, with 0.05 to 0.19 percent carbon; extra-low-carbon steels, with 0.015 to 0.05 percent carbon; and ultralow-carbon steels, with less than 0.015 percent carbon. Carbon steels are also defined as having less than 1.65 percent manganese, 0.6 percent silicon, and 0.6 percent copper , with the total of these other elements not exceeding 2 percent. Britannica Quiz Building Blocks of Everyday Objects Low-alloy steels have up to 8 percent alloying elements; any higher concentration is considered to constitute a high-alloy steel. There are about 20 alloying elements besides carbon. These are manganese, silicon, aluminum, nickel , chromium , cobalt , molybdenum , vanadium , tungsten , titanium , niobium , zirconium, nitrogen , sulfur, copper, boron , lead, tellurium, and selenium. Several of these are often added simultaneously to achieve specific properties.