Homepage - Make Music Pittsburgh Make Music Pittsburgh About Participate Listings Local Support Sponsors Volunteer and Donate Support Our Community #MySongIsYourSong Monument Lighting Press Photos from Past Events Team Presented by Make Music Pittsburgh Make Music Day Pittsburgh is thrilled to bring a hybrid model of music making, music education, music exploration and in-person live events to the community this June 21st! Participate Support About Mission Connect all Pittsburgh community members, regardless of age, musical experience, or ability, to make and enjoy music every summer solstice, while also encouraging further participation in music-making. Vision A city where all community members are enabled to make music and feel connected and supported in their musical engagement. Make Music Day Pittsburgh Make Music Day is designed to help with music exploration and to showcase local musical talent and inspire others to play music. Performers of all ages, levels, and styles of music are welcome. This is the global celebration of music held annually on the summer solstice, announced that this year’s vast program will observe the festival’s 41st year and feature a full return to in-person events, with more than 5,000 live, free music-making events held nationwide on, June 21. Strategic Goals 2020-2024 Encourage Encourage all Pittsburgh community members to make music Encourage community members to continue to make music beyond Make Music Day Increase the number of neighborhoods involved in MMDPGH Connect Connect community music makers to the resources available in their neighborhoods Foster an inclusive and supportive environment that encourages all community members to make music About Make Music Day Originally started in France in 1982, Pittsburgh will be one of over 1,000 cities playing music on June 21, 2024, as part of a global Make Music Day celebration.  Whether it’s Hip-Hop in Lawrenceville, Gospel in Highland Park, Bluegrass in Squirrel Hill, Classical in the Hill District, or kids rocking out on buckets at The Children’s Museum, Make Music Pittsburgh is about enjoying music in its purest form with Pittsburgh flare. contact us at pittsburgh@makemusicday.org Participate Make Music Pittsburgh June 21st 2025. Currently registration is closed until we prepare for an even bigger and better 2025 Make Music Day! We are always available to help, just email us! Make Music Pittsburgh will fill the neighborhoods of Pittsburgh with music. We are eager to bring musicians and music lovers together again. To register as a performer or as a venue, please create a profile *** here *** or email pittsburgh@makemusicday.org. We are also teaming up with several community spaces to introduce music education events as well as an instrument petting zoo. More details on our Map as well as postings on our Facebook page www.facebook.com/makemusicpittsburgh Make Music Pittsburgh 2025 June 21st, is right around the corner! Registration Information Registration is CLOSED UNTIL NEXT YEAR! If you need help with equipment (PAs, microphones, etc.) please contact Make Music Pittsburgh’s staff via email at pittsburgh@makemusicday.org we are happy to help you find the tools you need! Educational Music Events! Stay Tuned for More Great Events! Who else is taking part? Who else is taking part? Over 35 artists, including: 21+ BYOB Guitar and Drum Circle -- Aaron John Williams -- Almost Exactly Like Julia -- Beaver County Symphonic Wind Ensemble Free Concert brought to by Brighton Music Center! -- Brian Junker -- Bucket Drumming for All Ages! -- Busking around Town New Brighton PA! -- Devin Russian -- Donna O -- Elizabeth Chase -- Free Ukulele Lessons and Strum to Taylor Swift Songs! -- Goats -- Greater Pittsburgh Suzuki Institute, Community Music School -- Instrument Donation Drive Farina Foundation! Play It Forward! For the Kids! -- Instrument Petting Zoo for elementary age children! -- Jamie Kunning -- John Kloberdanz -- John Lecky -- Kids Intro to Guitar/Jam Session and Drum Circle -- Madeline Jo -- Mc Spexx -- Melina Bowser -- No Shirt No Shoes No Band Name -- Open Mic -- PAUL EISERT -- Penn Trafford Community Flute Choir -- Sam Specht-Burns -- Scott Moore -- Sing Move and Play Celebrating Music  JUNE 22nd EVENT SLIPPERY ROCK, PA -- Something Under A Microscope -- Sousapalooza -- Steel City Ukuleles -- String Together A Restring and Eduction Event -- Three Rivers Chamber Collective -- Wojo Over 17 venues, including: Brighton Music Center New Brighton PA -- Brighton Music Center, Pittsburgh PA -- C.P. Music Instruction -- Church Brew Works -- Cousin's Lounge -- G's on Liberty -- Greenhouse Co-Op Cider and Plants -- Inner Groove Brewery ALLENTOWN TAPROOM! -- New Brighton Local Business- Buskers All Day -- Ruckus Cafe -- Schenley Plaza -- Slippery Rock University Room G9 June 22nd SLIPPERY ROCK PA -- Stage 1011 Brighton Music Center New Brighton PA -- Steep Mountain Tea Company -- The Cafe at The Frick -- Townsend Park NEW BRIGHTON Pa -- West View Hub Click Here to Sign Up Listings 2025 Listings: Saturday, June 21st Map Artists Locations Virtual Filter Map All Genres All Events Rain Accommodations Search Artists All Genres Afrobeat Americana / Bluegrass Brass Classical Country Early Music Experimental Folk Hip-Hop Indie-Folk Indie-Rock Jazz Kids Musical Theater Open To Anything Other Pop Rock Singer / Songwriter Standards World Search Search Venues All Locations Allentown Bloomfield Greenfield Greensburg Lawrenceville Millvale New Brighton Oakland Point Breeze Slippery Rock Westview Other Pittsburgh Search Local Support Sponsor s Thanks to the support of our local business and partners! We could not do it without you! Welcome to our newest support Greenhouse Co-Op Cider and Plant! Brighton Music Center Farina Foundation Pittsburgh Parks Conservancy Unisound Pittsburgh The Frick Pittsburgh West View Hub and Hub Works Greenhouse Co-Op Music Of Pittsburgh Ruckus Coffee Gallery The Greater Pittsburgh Community Food Bank All Together Better Inner Groove Brewing Church Brew Works Greater Pittsburgh Masonic Table Talk Linen Cousins Lounge Millvale PA Farina Foundation The Frick Pittsburgh Greater Pittsburgh Community Food Bank Music of Pittsburgh All Together Better Inner Groove Brewing The Church Brew Works Volunteer and Donate Music Ambassador Volunteer Program A  Music Ambassadors can be a high school or college student who is involved in any school music program that would like to help represent our community. This can be done by volunteering their time with Make Music Day  Pittsburgh.This opportunity includes being part of special events virtually or at various locations around the area.  Connect with  local musicians to represent the best and brightest within the local music community. This person also identifies opportunities with area schools and other musicians. This is an amazing opportunity to get involved with the Pittsburgh Music Community and meet other like minded students and network. This volunteer opportunity allows for help with hours needed for community service or for college majors and degrees that need to be completed with credits or graduation.  Complete this form/link to sent a request. Google Form Donate All concerts are free and open to the public. That being said, your donations help make it possible. If you would like to donate to Make Music Day Pittsburgh, please contact us. Volunteer Having people join our team increases the chances for further success for Make Music Day. Complete this form/link to sent a request. Google Form If you would like to  donate, become a Music Ambassador or Volunteer on Make Music Day, please contact us at pittsburgh@makemusicday.org Support Our Community Make Music Day Virtual Food Drive In order to continue to support our neighbors who are experiencing food insecurity during these difficult times, we are hosting a virtual food drive! For every $1 donated, the Food Bank can provide up to 5 meals for the children, families and seniors they serve across Southwestern PA. Thank you for your continued support! Give Today!!! #MySongIsYourSong Join the global song swap for Make Music Day! Learn a song by another artist and hear yours covered in return. Songwriters, composers and bands of all styles and walks of life are invited to participate! Partners will be introduced by June 5th, carefully matched. This year, we’ll focus on far-flung pairings to connect you to musicians in new places. You’ll make their song your own, share a video of it on Instagram or YouTube June 21st, and use #MySongIsYourSong to join in the celebration! We are also excited to announce special prizes for two lucky #MySongIsYourSong participants: They will receive prizes from Focusrite/Novation and Flight Ukulele. Also pair of songwriters will be selected at random to receive these prize bundles. To enter to win, just: Register using the form, below Receive your pairing with another songwriter Record your cover of their song Post it on Instagram or YouTube, and Send the link to catherine@makemusicday.org by midnight (New York time) on June 21, 2024. Registration has closed at this time! But follow all of the great artist that participated Listen Here! Join the conversation following #MySongIsYourSong on YouTube , Facebook and Instagram . #MySongIsYourSong: 2022 Archive #MySongIsYourSong: 2021 Archive Monument Lighting We are excited to have the monument lighting again in Pittsburgh. Check out the city Skyline to see the buildings light up ORANGE in support of Make Music Globally! Special thanks to The Koppers Building, Federated and also the Gulf Tower from 2023. Press 2020 : Pittsburgh Post Gazette: What’s Happening in Pittsburgh Next Pittsburgh: 14 Things To Do This Weekend by Jenifer Baron 2019: Vox Culture : The Global Midsummer Musical Bash by Alissa Wilkinson Kidsburgh: Wanna Play On Your Drum All Day by Kristy Locklin Slippery Rock University: SRU Music Facultry and Students Team Together to Compose Youth Experience by Megan Bush 2017: KDKA: On Air Coverage Make Music Day 2017 2016: Local Pittsburgh: Make Music Festival Brings PGH Musicians Out of Woodwork by Julianna Bagwell Pittsburgh Tribune Review: Pittsburgh Picks Up the Beat of Global Make Music Day by Rex Rutkoski 2015 : Pittsburgh Post Gazette: Let the Music Play all day Sunday by Amy Brooks: Tribune Review: Outdoor Concerts to fill Pittsburgh with Music on Make Music Day by Rex Rutkoski Pittsburgh City Paper: This Sunday, the international Make Music festival comes to Pittsburgh by Margaret Welsh Pittsburgh Post Gazette: Make Music Pittsburgh – Call for Artists and Venues by Elizabeth Bloom 3-minute video of various concerts from 2015: edited by Tom Weber *If you are interested in writing about Make Music Pittsburgh, please contact us at pittsburgh@makemusicday.org – and thank you!* Photos from Past Events! Thanks to All of the Great Participants, Musicians, Venues and Performers! These are some of our favorites from the last couple of years. Contact Make Music Day Pittsburgh has a rockin’ team! Thanks to these amazing people the events gets bigger every year. Interested in joining? Contact us at pittsburgh@makemusicday.org or fill out our Google Form Advisory Committee Brad Wittmer -President/Director Emily Bovan Music Ambassador Bob Gally (Media Manager) Beth Schiemer (New Brighton PA) Music Helper Volunteer Cody Wittmer Veronica Wittmer James Polen Past Advisory Committee André Solomon (Co-Director) Michaela Kizershot White (Co-Director) Mark Despotakis Kateyln Clement Aubrey Carpenter Monica E. Soderman Zoe Sorrell Sondra E. Woodruff II Past Volunteers Jiashun Fang Tom White Sarah Schreck Rachel Kingham Kara Kulinski Founder Jasmine Kurjakovic Make Music Pittsburgh All content © 2024 Make Music Pittsburgh, unless noted otherwise. Make Music Pittsburgh is part of the Make Music Alliance .