Government of Pittsburgh - Wikipedia Jump to content Main menu Main menu move to sidebar hide Navigation Main page Contents Current events Random article About Wikipedia Contact us Contribute Help Learn to edit Community portal Recent changes Upload file Search Search Donate Appearance Create account Log in Personal tools Create account Log in Pages for logged out editors learn more Contributions Talk Contents move to sidebar hide (Top) 1 Mayor 2 City Council 3 Law enforcement 4 Pittsburgh Intergovernmental Cooperation Authority 5 Boards, Authorities and Commissions 6 See also 7 References 8 External links Toggle the table of contents Government of Pittsburgh Add languages Add links Article Talk English Read Edit View history Tools Tools move to sidebar hide Actions Read Edit View history General What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Cite this page Get shortened URL Download QR code Wikidata item Print/export Download as PDF Printable version In other projects Wikimedia Commons Appearance move to sidebar hide From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Governing bodies of Pittsburgh Title page of the Pittsburgh Code of Ordinances The Government of Pittsburgh is composed of the Mayor , the City Council , and various boards and commissions. Most of these offices are housed within the Pittsburgh City-County Building . The Government of Pittsburgh receives its authority from the Pennsylvania General Assembly pursuant to Part III of Title 53 of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes , relating to Cities of the Second Class. Mayor [ edit ] Main article: Mayor of Pittsburgh The Mayor of Pittsburgh is elected every 4 years. The current mayor is Ed Gainey .  Since the 1950s the Mayor's Chief of Staff has assumed a large role in advising, long term planning and as a "gatekeeper" to the mayor. City Council [ edit ] Main article: Pittsburgh City Council The Pittsburgh City Council is a nine-member city council . City council members are chosen by plurality elections in each of nine districts. Law enforcement [ edit ] The mayor appoints (with City Council approval) the position of Pittsburgh Police Chief . The city and its immediate suburbs are served by the four-year elected Allegheny County District Attorney to prosecute criminal offenses and the congressionally appointed U.S. District Attorney for the Western District of Pennsylvania for federal offenses. The city and its residents are also served by the elected four-year term Allegheny County Sheriff and the County council-appointed Allegheny County Police Department Chief. Pittsburgh Intergovernmental Cooperation Authority [ edit ] Pittsburgh finances are subject to the Pittsburgh Intergovernmental Cooperation Authority , the city's state-appointed financial oversight body. [ 1 ] Boards, Authorities and Commissions [ edit ] Many governmental functions are carried out by boards, authorities and commissions. These organizations include: [ 2 ] Allegheny County Sanitary Authority Allegheny Regional Asset District Board Pittsburgh Parking Authority Sports and Exhibition Authority Urban Redevelopment Authority of Pittsburgh Pittsburgh Stadium Authority See also [ edit ] Government of Pennsylvania References [ edit ] ^ "Pittsburgh submits more budget information to Intergovernmental Cooperation Authority" . Pittsburgh Post-Gazette . Retrieved 16 May 2015 . ^ "Boards, Authorities and Commissions" . Pittsburgh City Information Systems . Retrieved 20 November 2013 . External links [ edit ] Official website Pittsburgh Code and Charter from Municode v t e City of Pittsburgh Government Airport Convention Center City Hall Courthouse Mayor Council Events InterGov Police District Attorney Sheriff Fire Libraries Transit Education Parks Port Regional Economy Allegheny Conference Duquesne Club Chamber of Commerce Corporations Economic Club HYP Club Stock Exchange Other topics Colleges and universities Culture cookie table theatre Green Man Pittsburgh Parking Chair Picklesburgh Dialect Yinzer Flag Fictional settings Filming films television History name timeline Jewish history 2018 synagogue shooting Pittsburgh toilet Hospitals Media Museums Neighborhoods Nicknames Notable Pittsburghers Region combined statistical area Skyscrapers Sports Category v t e Greater Pittsburgh Pittsburgh–New Castle–Weirton combined statistical area Counties in Maryland Garrett in Ohio Jefferson in Pennsylvania Allegheny Armstrong Beaver Butler Fayette Indiana Lawrence Washington Westmoreland in West Virginia Brooke Hancock Map of the Pittsburgh Tri-State with green counties in the metropolitan area and yellow counties in the combined area Major cities Pittsburgh Cities and towns 15k–50k (in 2010 ) Baldwin Bethel Park Butler Cranberry Hampton Hempfield McCandless McKeesport Monroeville Moon Mt. Lebanon Murrysville New Castle North Huntingdon Penn Penn Hills Peters Plum Ross Scott Shaler Steubenville Unity Upper St. Clair Weirton West Mifflin White Wilkinsburg Airports Pittsburgh International Arnold Palmer Allegheny County Beaver Butler Eddie Dew Greensburg Jeannette Herron Jefferson Jimmy Stewart Joe Hardy Lakehill Monroeville New Castle Pittsburgh Northeast Rostraver Washington Wheeling Zelienople Topics Economy Education Etymology Film Government History Landmarks (area) Landmarks (city) Media Neighborhoods People Public schools Skyscrapers Sports Transportation Category Retrieved from " https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Government_of_Pittsburgh&oldid=1215194931 " Category : Government of Pittsburgh Hidden categories: Articles with short description Short description matches Wikidata This page was last edited on 23 March 2024, at 18:08 (UTC) . Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License 4.0 ; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. , a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Code of Conduct Developers Statistics Cookie statement Mobile view