, an expedition headed by Celeron de Bienville , a French officer , traveled down the Allegheny and Ohio to bolster the French claim to the region . [ 12 ] De Bienville warned away British traders and posted markers claiming the territory . [ 13 ] In 1753 , Marquis Duquesne , the Governor of New France , sent another , larger expedition . At present-day Erie , Pennsylvania , an advance party built Fort Presque Isle . They also cut a road through the woods and built Fort Le Boeuf on French Creek , from which it was possible at high water to float to the Allegheny . By summer , an expedition of 1,500 French and Native American men descended the Allegheny . Some wintered at the confluence of French Creek and the Allegheny . The following year , they built Fort Machault at that site . [ 14 ] Alarmed at these French incursions in the Ohio Valley , Governor Dinwiddie of Virginia sent Major George Washington to warn the French to withdraw . [ 15 ] Accompanied by Christopher Gist , Washington arrived at the Forks of the Ohio on November 25 , 1753 . George Washington 's sketch of Monongahela River , Allegheny River ( named as the upper Ohio ) , and French Creek that accompanied his journal ( 1753 ) in which he recorded his impressions : [ 16 ] As I got down before the Canoe , I spent some Time in viewing the Rivers , & the Land in the Fork , which I think extremely well situated for a Fort ; as it has the absolute Command of both Rivers . The Land at the Point is 20 or 25 feet ( 7.6 m ) above the common Surface of the Water ; & a considerable Bottom of flat well timber 'd Land all around it , very convenient for Building . Proceeding up the Allegheny , Washington presented Dinwiddie 's letter to the French commanders first at Venango , and then Fort Le Boeuf . The French officers received Washington with wine and courtesy , but did not withdraw . [ 15 ] Governor Dinwiddie sent Captain William Trent to build a fort at the Forks of the Ohio . On February 17 , 1754 , Trent began construction of the fort , the first European habitation [ 17 ] at the site of present-day Pittsburgh . The fort , named Fort Prince George , was only half-built by April 1754 , when over 500 French forces arrived and ordered the 40-some colonials back to Virginia . The French tore down the British fortification and constructed Fort Duquesne . [ 14 ] [ 15 ] Governor Dinwiddie launched another expedition . Colonel Joshua Fry commanded the regiment with his second-in-command , George Washington , leading an advance column . On May 28 , 1754 , Washington 's unit clashed with the French in the Battle of Jumonville Glen , during which 13 French soldiers were killed and 21 were taken prisoner . [ 18 ] After the battle , Washington 's ally , Seneca chief Tanaghrisson , unexpectedly executed the French commanding officer , Ensign Joseph Coulon de Jumonville . The French pursued Washington and on July 3 , 1754 , George Washington surrendered following the Battle of Fort Necessity . These frontier actions contributed to the start of the French and Indian War ( 1754–1763 ) , or , the Seven Years ' War , a global confrontation between Britain and France fought in both hemispheres . [ 15 ] [ 19 ] The Fort Pitt Blockhouse , dating to 1764 , is the oldest structure in Pittsburgh . [ 15 ] In 1755 , the Braddock Expedition was launched , accompanied by Virginia militia officer George Washington . Two regiments marched from Fort Cumberland across the Allegheny Mountains and into western Pennsylvania . Following a path Washington surveyed , over 3,000 men built a wagon road 12 feet ( 3.7 m ) wide , that when complete , was the first road to cross the Appalachian Mountains . Braddock 's Road , as it was known , blazed the way for the future National Road ( US40 ) . The expedition crossed the Monongahela River on July 9 , 1755 . French troops from Fort Duquesne ambushed Braddock 's expedition at Braddock 's Field , nine miles ( 14 km ) from Fort Duquesne . [ 20 ] In the Battle of the Monongahela , the French inflicted heavy losses on the British , and Braddock was mortally wounded . [ 21 ] The surviving British and colonial forces retreated . This left the French and their Native American allies with dominion over the upper Ohio valley . [ 15 ] On September 8 , 1756 , an expedition of 300 militiamen destroyed the Shawnee and Lenape village of Kittanning , and in the summer of 1758 , British Army officer John Forbes began a campaign to capture Fort Duquesne . [ 21 ] At the head of 7,000 regular and colonial troops , Forbes built Fort Ligonier and Fort Bedford , from where he cut a wagon road over the Allegheny Mountains , later known as Forbes ' Road . On the night of September 13–14 , 1758 , an advance column under Major James Grant was annihilated in the Battle of Fort Duquesne . [ 21 ] The battleground , the high hill east of the Point , was named Grant 's Hill in his memory . With this defeat , Forbes decided to wait until spring . But when he heard that the French had lost Fort Frontenac and largely evacuated Fort Duquesne , he planned an immediate attack . Hopelessly outnumbered , the French abandoned and razed Fort Duquesne . Forbes occupied the burned fort on November 25 , 1758 , and ordered the construction of Fort Pitt , named after British Secretary of State William Pitt the Elder .