meaning an illegal drinking establishment , is said to have been coined at the Blind Pig in nearby McKeesport , Pennsylvania . [ 50 ] [ 52 ] The last distillery in Pittsburgh , Joseph S. Finch 's distillery , located at South Second and McKean streets , closed in the 1920s . [ 53 ] In 2012 , Wigle Whiskey opened , becoming the first since the closure of Finch 's distillery . [ 53 ] The Pittsburgh Post-Gazette produced a large web feature on this period in the city 's history . [ 54 ] Environment [ edit ] During the late 19th century , city leaders debated the responsibility and expense of creating a waterworks system and disposal of sewage . Downstream users complained about Pittsburgh 's dumping of sewage into the Ohio River . Allegheny County cities did not stop discharging raw sewage into rivers until 1939 . Pittsburgh 's smoke pollution , seen in the 1890s as a sign of prosperity , was recognized as a problem in the Progressive Era and was cleared up in the 1930s–1940s . Steel plants deposited mountains of slag until 1972 , especially in Nine Mile Run Valley . [ 55 ] In November 1927 , 28 people were killed and hundreds were wounded in an explosion of a gas tank . [ 56 ] To escape the soot of the city , many of the wealthy lived in the Shadyside and East End neighborhoods , a few miles east of downtown . Fifth Avenue was dubbed `` Millionaire 's Row '' because of the many mansions lining the street . On March 17 and 18 , 1936 , Pittsburgh suffered the worst flood in its history , with flood levels peaking at 46 feet . This catastrophe killed 69 victims , destroyed thousands of buildings , caused $ 3B ( 2006 dollars ) in damages , and put more than 60,000 steelworkers out of work . [ 57 ] High culture [ edit ] Oakland became the city 's predominant cultural and educational center , including three universities , multiple museums , a library , a music hall , and a botanical conservatory . Oakland 's University of Pittsburgh erected what today is still the world 's fourth-tallest educational building , the 42-story Cathedral of Learning . [ 58 ] It towered over Forbes Field , where the Pittsburgh Pirates played from 1909 to 1970 . [ 39 ] Downtown Pittsburgh panorama , from 1920 . New immigrants and migrants [ edit ] Between 1870 and 1920 , the population of Pittsburgh grew almost sevenfold , with a large number of European immigrants arriving to the city . New arrivals continue to come from Britain , Ireland , and Germany , but the most popular sources after 1870 were poor rural areas in southern and eastern Europe , including Italy , the Balkans , the Austro-Hungarian Empire , and the Russian Empire . Unskilled immigrants found jobs in construction , mining , steel mills and factories . They introduced new traditions , languages , and cultures to the city , creating a diversified society as a result . Ethnic neighborhoods developed in working-class areas and were built on densely populated hillsides and valleys , such as South Side , Polish Hill , Bloomfield , and Squirrel Hill , home to 28 % of the city 's almost 21,000 Jewish households . [ 59 ] The Strip District , the city 's produce distribution center , still boasts many restaurants and clubs that showcase these multicultural traditions of Pittsburghers . [ 39 ] African Americans [ edit ] Further information : Great Migration ( African American ) The years 1916–1940 marked the largest migration of African Americans to Pittsburgh during the Great Migration from the rural South to industrial cities of the Northeast and Midwest . These migrants came for industrial jobs , education , political and social freedom , and to escape racial oppression and violence in the South . Migrants going to Pittsburgh and surrounding mill towns faced racial discrimination and restricted housing and job opportunities . The black population in Pittsburgh jumped from 6,000 in 1880 to 27,000 in 1910 . Many took highly paid , skilled jobs in the steel mills . Pittsburgh 's black population increased to 37,700 in 1920 ( 6.4 % of the total ) while the black element in Homestead , Rankin , Braddock , and others nearly doubled . They succeeded in building effective community responses that enabled the survival of new communities . [ 60 ] [ 61 ] Historian Joe Trotter explains the decision process : Although African-Americans often expressed their views of the Great Migration in biblical terms and received encouragement from northern black newspapers , railroad companies , and industrial labor agents , they also drew upon family and friendship networks to help in the move to Western Pennsylvania . They formed migration clubs , pooled their money , bought tickets at reduced rates , and often moved ingroups . Before they made the decision to move , they gathered information and debated the pros and cons of the process .... In barbershops , poolrooms , and grocery stores , in churches , lodge halls , and clubhouses , and in private homes , southern blacks discussed , debated , and decided what was good and what was bad about moving to the urban North . [ 62 ] The newly established Black communities nearly all endured , apart from Johnstown where blacks were expelled in 1923 . Joe Trotter explains how the Blacks built new institutions for their new communities in the Pittsburgh area : Black churches , fraternal orders , and newspapers ( especially the Pittsburgh Courier ) ; organizations such as the NAACP , Urban League , and Garvey Movement ; social clubs , restaurants , and baseball teams ; hotels , beauty shops , barber shops , and taverns , all proliferated . [ 63 ] The cultural nucleus of Black Pittsburgh was Wylie Avenue in the Hill District .