A Guide to Acrisure Stadium for Steelers Fans | # LovePGH | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 76 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons , Runs & Walks Pittsburgh Celebrates Juneteenth Freedom Day Pittsburgh Black Music Festival Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insiders Guide Multi-lingual Brochures Beyond Pittsburgh Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Group Tour Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Home A Guide to Acrisure Stadium for Steelers Fans In town for a big game ? We 've got the scoop on how to enjoy a Steelers game in the ultimate sports town ! Nicknamed the City of Champions , it 's no surprise that Pittsburgh is a top football destination . Whether you 're visiting from out-of-town or have n't been to a game in a while , check out our Pittsburgh Steelers and Acrisure Stadium guide for every football fan . Getting to Acrisure Tailgating Eat & Drink Interactive Map Steelers Trivia Where do the Steelers play their home games ? Acrisure Stadium is the celebrated football stadium , situated in the North Shore neighborhood of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , that proudly serves as the home of the Steelers . Credit | Pittsburgh Steelers How to get to Acrisure Stadium Public Transportation Since parking on the North Shore near the stadium is reserved and pre-sold , it 's often easier to park and ride to the stadium using other options . Pittsburgh Regional Transit ( PRT ) offers light rail service on the T and city buses for fans coming from Downtown Pittsburgh and surrounding suburbs . You can find more information on how to get to the stadium on the PRT website . Riverboat Shuttles The Gateway Clipper also offers gameday riverboat rides to the stadium and is my personal favorite way to get to the game . Park at Station Square , grab your tickets and enjoy your ride around the Point with raucous , fun-loving fans before getting dropped off right at the stadium . Find more information about riverboat shuttles here . Driving & Parking Information If you are planning to drive and park near the stadium , visit ALCO parking for a helpful interactive guide to parking on the North Shore . Where ’ s the best place to tailgate before a Steelers game ? The tailgating scene in Pittsburgh is as fun as the Steelers game itself ! You can find tailgaters grilling and getting amped up with the rest of Steelers Nation in designated parking lots . The parking lots open five hours prior to kick-off and you can find more tailgating information and regulations here . If you want to tailgate but do n't have a group to join up with , the Stage AE Tailgate Zone is perfect for you ! Admission is free , and the event has live music , giant TVs , food and drink specials , along with prizes and autographed items you can win . Where to Eat near Acrisure Stadium ? The North Shore , home to Acrisure Stadium , is filled with plenty of bars and restaurants for all football fans . Shorty 's Pins & Pints , Southern Tier , Tom 's Watch , Burgatory and Bar Louie are popular spots to grab a craft beer pre- or post-game that are walkable to Acrisure . Even if you do n't have a ticket , these locales are some of the best places to watch the game outside of Acrisure Stadium , promising a lively atmosphere and passionate fans cheering on every play to go with your food and drink . Shorty 's Pins x Pints is the ultimate North Shore stop What else to do near Acrisure Stadium ? There 's so much to do in the North Shore we did a whole blog about everything to explore pre- or post-game , from stadium tours and museum visits to kayaking , duckpin bowling and shopping for the latest Steelers merch . Browse the map below to see everything going on nearby in the North Shore . Just double check times and hours of operation which can sometimes change on Steelers Sundays . What is the Acrisure Stadium bag policy ? Leave your backpacks and large tote bags at home because Acrisure Stadium has an “ All Clear On Game Day ” safety policy requiring guests to carry their items in clear bags . Any non-clear bag exceeding 4.5 ” by 6.5 ” is not permitted . For all the security guidelines detailing what you can and can not bring into the stadium , including food , drinks , strollers , and more , check out the security guidelines page here . Where to Eat inside the stadium ? You can now find Pittsburgh favorite Caliente Pizza locations as well as Little Caesars pizza stops throughout the stadium for your pizza fix . Other fan favorites now on the menu in-stadium include Burgatory hamburgers and milkshakes , Primanti 's signature french-fry topped sandwiches , Kennywood 's Potato Patch fries and Papa Duke 's gyros . We also blogged about our favorites to eat at Acrisure .