for the latest Steelers merch . Browse the map below to see everything going on nearby in the North Shore . Just double check times and hours of operation which can sometimes change on Steelers Sundays . What is the Acrisure Stadium bag policy ? Leave your backpacks and large tote bags at home because Acrisure Stadium has an “ All Clear On Game Day ” safety policy requiring guests to carry their items in clear bags . Any non-clear bag exceeding 4.5 ” by 6.5 ” is not permitted . For all the security guidelines detailing what you can and can not bring into the stadium , including food , drinks , strollers , and more , check out the security guidelines page here . Where to Eat inside the stadium ? You can now find Pittsburgh favorite Caliente Pizza locations as well as Little Caesars pizza stops throughout the stadium for your pizza fix . Other fan favorites now on the menu in-stadium include Burgatory hamburgers and milkshakes , Primanti 's signature french-fry topped sandwiches , Kennywood 's Potato Patch fries and Papa Duke 's gyros . We also blogged about our favorites to eat at Acrisure . If you want to gauge all your options , the Steelers Mobile App has an interactive map showing the concessions and where they are located , as well as mobile ordering options so you can skip the line and never miss a snap . Are there Family-Friendly Activities for Steelers fans ? Yes ! The Steelers Hall of Honor Museum , located near Gate B of Acrisure Stadium , is open to the public year-round Thursday through Monday from 11 a.m.-4 p.m . It 's a perfect pre-game experience for fans of all ages . Walk through every decade of Steelers history with interactive displays loaded with memorabilia . Guests can even step into the announce booth and call their own plays as they relive the greatest moments in Steelers history . For passes , museum exhibits and all you need to know for your visit , explore our Insider 's Guide to the Hall of Honor . Outside of the stadium , be sure to head to Art Rooney Avenue on game day for the Steelers Experience and a family fun zone . And , if you 're arriving early for the game or extending your trip by a few days , you do n't need to leave the North Shore neighborhoods for family fun . Steelers Hall of Honor Museum More Cool Things to Do Near Acrisure Stadium Show your Pittsburgh pride by taking a selfie with the Roberto Clemente Statue , which sits outside of PNC Park . Stand at the spot of the Immaculate Reception , the most well-known play in NFL history , where Steelers legend Franco Harris caught a ball just before it touched the grass and changed the fate of the franchise . Ride to the game in style . Park in Station Square and ride the Gateway Clipper on our scenic three rivers , available pre- and post-game . Watch more sports ! The Penguins , Pirates , Riverhounds and Pitt Panthers ’ seasons all overlap with the Steelers . If you have time before or after the game , take a ride on the Duquesne Incline nearby for amazing city and river views . If you need to level-up your gear game , Yinzers in the Burgh in the Strip District is one of the area ’ s most notable sports stores with lots of creative sports apparel for fans . Do n't forget your Terrible Towel ! Go behind the scenes with a tour of Acrisure Stadium . Tours are family-friendly and take fans on the field , in the locker rooms , and more . Tap into sports history at the Senator John Heinz History Center 's Western Pennsylvania Sports Museum , the ultimate museum for Pittsburgh sports lovers . Credit | Senator John Heinz History Center Facebook Page Do n't Forget to Brush Up On Your Pittsburgh Steelers Trivia What is The Terrible Towel ? Created by Steelers radio broadcaster , Myron Cope in 1975 , the Terrible Towel is easily one of the most recognizable symbols in the NFL and waving it during games has become a revered tradition . Towels can be purchased in stadium or at sports stores around the North Shore . What is the song played during the fourth quarter ? When the Steelers need a big stop in the fourth quarter , the song Renegade by Styx resonates throughout Acrisure Stadium . Playing the song is a tradition that 's equally important for fans as it is for players and represents Pittsburgh 's defensive strength in the fourth quarter . What ’ s the meaning behind the Steelers logo ? While it 's widely known that the Steelers are named for Pittsburgh 's rich steel history , few recognize the meaning behind the logo . Each of the hypocycloids represents one of the three materials used to make steel . Yellow represents coal , red is for iron ore and steel scrape is illustrated with blue . Why do Steelers fans chant “ Here We Go Steelers ? ” During games , you 'll hear fans chanting `` Here We Go , Steelers ! '' While it seems like a simple chant , there 's some history behind this one too . “ Here We Go , ” originally written by Rodger Wood and recorded in 1994 , was and still is intended as a Steelers fight song . When should I head to a game this season ? Take a look at the Steelers ’ 2024 schedule here ! The Steelers will be playing 9 regular season and 1 preseason game at Acrisure Stadium from August-January this year . Preseason 8/9 Houston Texans 8/17 Buffalo Bills 7 p.m .