pre-game beer . Moonlit Burgers New to the area is Moonlit Burgers , the second location of the popular Dormont smashburger shop located right on Duquesne 's campus . Do n't let the college atmosphere fool you , this colorful spot offers cocktails , drafts and even shots to accompany your bacon double cheeseburger , shoestring fries and pickle brined chicken sandwiches . Pizza Milano Also right along the walk to the stadium , Pizza Milano has been the go-to stop before Pens games and other PPG events for years . Chow down on delicious pizzas , mozzarella sticks , gyros and calzones while you enjoy a drink and putting something fun on the jukebox . View this post on Instagram A post shared by MoonLit Burgers ( @ moonlitburgers ) What to Eat at the Arena PPG Paints Arena has a variety of concessions and tons of options including Pittsburgh favorites like Primanti 's sandwiches and Quaker Steak wings , along with the usual popcorn , chicken tendies and fries . Here are a couple other options for you to consider : GetGo , Section 116 GetGo in the arena is modeled like the local favorite convenience store . They have grab-and-go options with lots of drinks and food such as chicken tenders , salads and wraps , mac and cheese bites and so much more ! Milkshake Factory , 107 It ’ s as good as it sounds . They have the best milkshakes in the arena , including their famous Jake ’ s Shake . Inspired by fan favorite Jake Guentzel , his shake is chocolate with hot fudge , crushed cookies and brownies and a piece of chocolate in the whip cream . Burgatory , 206 Burgatory has helluva good burgers , fries and heavenly milkshakes making this an easy one stop shop to load up for the game and not miss a second of the action . Nakama , 105 While you 're on the ice , grab some of the best sushi in Burgh . Just make sure you pay attention to the action so you can use those chopsticks to snag a puck out of the air and then go back to your roll . Fox ’ s Pizza , Multiple Locations Tasty , grab-n-go pizzas that you can find anywhere around the arena . View this post on Instagram A post shared by MilkShake Factory ( @ themilkshakefactory ) Cool Stuff for Kids Walk to the glass to watch warmups Before the puck drops , it ’ s very common for people to mingle down by the ice , stand by the glass and try to get a puck or an item signed . There are always plenty of other families , and your chances of getting something from one of the Pens many stars aren ’ t too bad . Go see Iceburgh The Pens mascot , Iceburgh , always walks around during games and is a kid favorite . Get a picture with him ! You ’ re bound to run into him as he dances over or slides into your section throughout the game . Watch out for the dance cams Has your kid ever wanted to get on the Jumbotron ? This game could be their lucky day , there are always plenty of opportunities for your kids to show their moves at Pens games . View this post on Instagram A post shared by AntMan ( @ antman_59_sportscards ) More to Explore See More Penguins Ca n't get enough penguins in your life ? Me neither . You can find the Pens ' namesake animal at both the Pittsburgh Zoo & Aquarium and National Aviary . In the colder months starting in December , you can see the Penguins on Parade walking from the Aquarium and exploring the Zoo . Or , meet a penguin up close at the Aviary with a Penguin Encounter giving you a one-of-a-kind photo op or step into their enclosure when you book an interactive penguin feeding ! Ride the Incline Both the Duquesne and Monongahela Inclines are Pittsburgh staples with amazing views of Pittsburgh from the Monongahela River . After getting off on the top , take a walk on Mt . Washington to see more angles of our skyline . Heinz History Center In a city known for its museums , the Heinz History Center is unique for its exhibits on Pittsburgh sports , Mr. Rodgers and the history of our area dating back to the French and Indian War . See the Strip District The Strip District is one of Pittsburgh ’ s most iconic neighborhoods and is known for its unique food vendors . It is right next to Downtown and one of the best places around the city to walk around . Let ’ s Go Pens ! Related Blogs Insider ’ s Guide : Senator John Heinz History Center Learn More Pittsburgh in Three Hours Learn More Top Places to Eat In Downtown Pittsburgh Learn More Eating Your Way Through Pittsburgh Sports Learn More Outdoor Winter Recreation in Pittsburgh Learn More Outdoor and Indoor Ice Rinks in Pittsburgh Learn More Author Jeremy M. Pitt Grad & VisitPITTSBURGH Contributor Former VisitPGH intern . Proud yinzer . Pitt grad . Currently pursuing a career in sports business . Related Content : Save Pittsburgh Penguins 1001 Fifth Ave. , PPG Paints Arena Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania 15219 Details Open in Google Maps Map Pittsburgh Penguins Pittsburgh Penguins 1001 Fifth Ave. , PPG Paints Arena Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania 15219 ( 412 ) 642-7367 Details Website Plan Your Trip with the new Pittsburgh Insider 's Guide Learn More Contact Us Privacy Blog About Us 120 Fifth Avenue Fifth Avenue Place Suite 2800 Pittsburgh , PA 15222 ( 412 ) 281-7711 Toll Free : ( 877 ) 568-3744 ©️2024 Visit Pittsburgh . All Rights Reserved . Privacy Policy This site uses cookies to enhance your experience . Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map