News Pause play Multiple Players Single Player Playlist Playoffs Pro Bowl Purge Refresh Remove Search Settings Share Android Share Copy URL Share Email Share Facebook Share Instagram Share iOS Share Snapchat Share Twitter Skip Next Skip Previous Standings Star Stats Swap Teams Tickets Video Visibility Off Visibility On Volume Hi Volume Low Volume Medium Volume Mute Warning Website Caret down Caret up At News Play Audio Gallery Promo Chevron right The browser you are using is no longer supported on this site . It is highly recommended that you use the latest versions of a supported browser in order to receive an optimal viewing experience . The following browsers are supported : Chrome , Edge ( v80 and later ) , Firefox and Safari . Got it ! Unless you click “ Reject Optional Cookies ” you are agreeing to the continued collection , storage , and use of cookies and similar technologies on this specific property , device , and browser . Cookies and similar technologies are used for a variety of purposes such as enhancing site navigation , analyzing site usage , and assisting in our marketing and advertising efforts , including targeted advertising through third parties . You can further customize your cookie preferences and opt out of optional cookies by clicking the “ Cookies Settings ” link in this banner or in the footer of this website ’ s homepage . For more information , please refer to our Privacy Policy Cookie Settings Reject Optional Cookies Accept Cookies Your Privacy Choices Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored Your Privacy Choices Strictly Necessary Performance Functional Selling , Sharing , Targeted Advertising Your Privacy Choices In order to provide you with free high-quality content that you love to watch and offers that are more relevant to you , the National Football League collects and shares certain personal information . Because we respect your privacy , we also provide you choices with respect to your personal information . You may use the toggles in the sections below to opt out of certain cookies , including the use of targeting cookies that may be deemed to result in the “ sale ” or “ sharing ” of personal information under certain United States laws . If you choose to opt out of these cookies , you will still see ads , though they may be less relevant to you . You are always free to turn optional cookies back on using this cookie preference center . For more information about how we collect and share your personal information and other privacy choices you may have , refer to our Privacy Policy . Strictly Necessary These cookies are necessary for the website to function and can not be switched off in our systems . They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services , such as setting your privacy preferences , logging in or filling in forms . You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies , but some parts of the site might not work as a result . Performance Performance These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site . They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site . If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site , and will not be able to monitor its performance . Functional Functional These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization . They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages . If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly . Selling , Sharing , Targeted Advertising Selling , Sharing , Targeted Advertising Under certain state laws in the United States , “ sale ” or “ sharing ” of personal information is defined broadly and in a way that may include allowing third parties to receive certain information for certain functions , including but not limited to targeted advertising . These laws may provide residents with the right to opt out of such sales or sharing of their personal information . To opt out of the sale or sharing of your personal information collected through cookies , move the toggle to the left and select `` Confirm My Choices '' . If you choose to opt out of this data sharing , you will still see ads , though they may be less relevant to you . These ads may be based on historical information or information shared or sold by other sources . You will need to renew this choice each time you clear your cookies or use a new browser or device . This opt-out applies only to certain cookie ( “ online ” ) data we have about you . If you wish to communicate your opt out choices with respect to selling or sharing other types of data beyond cookies ( e.g. , “ offline ” data ) you may do so by submitting a privacy request form via the “ Your Privacy Choices ” link located in the footer of this website ’ s homepage . Back Button Cookie List Filter Button Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Confirm My Choices Allow All Subscribe to our notifications for the latest news and updates . You can disable anytime . Subscribe Later