Broadway in Pittsburgh Season : A Message From The Curator Mon , Apr 11 , 2022 | Vice President of Broadway Programming Marc Fleming pulls back the curtain on the 2022-2023 PNC Broadway in Pittsburgh Season . Artist to Watch : Jasmine Cho Thu , Mar 5 , 2020 | Artists to Watch shines the spotlight on the incredibly talented artists who create right here in Pittsburgh ! Where the Magic Happens : The Benedum Center ’ s Grand Stage Fri , Feb 14 , 2020 | Pull back the curtain and learn more about the Benedum Center 's one-of-a-kind stage and orchestra pit ! New Neighbor in the District : The Standard Market & Pint House Mon , Feb 24 , 2020 | Coming in early March : The Standard Market & Pint House ( 947 Penn ) , a one stop eatery that features health conscious but delicious bites . How Five Installations Transformed Downtown Pittsburgh into a City of Light Fri , Jan 10 , 2020 | Learn how over 50,000 LED lights , an illuminated billboard and the skull of Nobel Prize nominee Claude Shannon are actually the untold emblems of Pittsburgh ’ s identity . Artist to Watch : Dennis Garner Wed , Dec 11 , 2019 | Artists to Watch shines the spotlight on the incredibly talented artists who create right here in Pittsburgh ! Leading Light : The Benedum Center ’ s Grand Chandelier Thu , Sep 12 , 2019 | Learn about this Pittsburgh luminary 's long career in show business . 100 Years of History : A Look at the Byham Theater ’ s Fire Curtain Tue , Aug 20 , 2019 | At the Byham Theater , a century-old artifact lives amid modern rigging , lighting and sound equipment . The theater 's original fire curtain still hangs in the loft — only seeing the light of day once a year . 5 Cool Alleyways are Transforming Pittsburgh Spaces into Public Art Activations Fri , Jul 26 , 2019 | From Gallery Crawl pop-ups to writer ’ s sanctuaries , there ’ s something special to be said about Pittsburgh ’ s alleyways . Broadway Payment Portal Blog Fall is for Falling Leaves , Fun , and Free Events ! Arts Leaders Honored Through Inaugural Icon Awards Getting Ready With Us : Theater Edition Theater is Better Together : Pittsburgh Cultural Trust 's Group Ticket Program Harmony and Healing : Personal Stories from the Lullaby Project Five Ways to Enjoy Your Summer in Pittsburgh One Festival , Two Stories : How the Dollar Bank Three Rivers Arts Festival Touches Lives Dedication in Action : Ginny Kasserman ’ s Volunteer Story From Founding Fathers to Pop Kings and Princesses A Magical Milestone : Liberty Magic Turns Five The Ultimate Guide to Stress-Free Gift Giving with Experiences in the Cultural District Reframing Pittsburgh ’ s Cultural District : A journey in two acts Slip into Spring with This Season ’ s ( Mostly ) Free Events 2023 - 2024 PNC Broadway in Pittsburgh Season : A Message From The Curator Be part of the conversation at the Pittsburgh Humanities Festival Ways to Support Black Art in the Cultural District and Beyond ! Show Some Love to Local Pittsburgh Businesses this Holiday Season Fill up on the arts over Thanksgiving Break Open to Interpretation : Bringing Access to Broadway Featured Dining Partner : Con Alma 2022-2023 PNC Broadway in Pittsburgh Season : A Message From The Curator '' The Kid '' at 100 : Q & A with Renowned `` Chaplin '' Choreographer , Dan Kamin 2022 Oscar Shorts : A Message from the Curator Explore Good Ideas at the Pittsburgh Humanities Festival Featured Dining Partner : McCormick and Schmick's Ways to Support Black Art in the Cultural District Drive My Car Extended at the Harris : A Message from the Curator Fun and New in 2022 : Free Winter Events in the ‘ Burgh Januscary Film Festival : A Message from the Curator The Story of Intrude : Q & A with Artist Amanda Parer Dinner and A Show : Summer the Musical and Olive or Twist More Fall and Winter Programming in the Cultural District ! Fall Programming in the District ! Broadway Bracket Brawl : Everything You Need to Know Last-Minute Gifts for Pittsburgh Arts Lovers 11 Ways to stay Socially Distant in the Cultural District and Beyond ! Bookish Writing Prompts and Reading Lists for the Dog-eared Days of Summer Art Connects Us : Trust Digital Programming to Enjoy Anywhere !