) , Decorative Arts , Architecture and Photography . Every year , the museum hosts up to 15 different exhibitions . Approximately 35,000 pieces make up its permanent collection , which also includes works on paper , paintings , prints ( particularly Japanese prints ) , sculptures , and installations from the late seventeenth century to the present . The museum has notably strong collections of both aluminum relics and chairs . Approximately 1,800 works are on view at any given time . The museum also maintains a large archive of negatives from African American photographer Charles `` Teenie '' Harris . [ 3 ] Heinz Architectural Center - The collection includes works in architecture , landscape design , engineering , and furniture and interior design . The center 's facilities includes 4,000 square feet of exhibition space and a library housing several thousand books and journals . The Hillman Photography Initiative - The Initiative hosts a variety of projects including live public events , web-based projects , documentary videos , art projects , and writing . Yearly programming is determine by a group of five `` agents '' who plan and curate each 12-month cycle of works hosted . [ 6 ] Collection Themes Contemporary Glass Teenie Harris Photographs : Erroll Garner and Jazz from the Hill Carnegie International Japanese Prints Pittsburgh Artists The Art of the Chair Pictorialist Photography Painting and Sculpture 1860–1920 W. Eugene Smith Galleries [ edit ] This section needs additional citations for verification . Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources in this section . Unsourced material may be challenged and removed . ( May 2021 ) ( Learn how and when to remove this message ) The 1907 Grand Staircase Cast of the north transept portal of the Bordeaux Cathedral in the Hall of Architecture Ailsa Mellon Bruce Galleries ( 1907 ) – The Ailsa Mellon Bruce Galleries were originally constructed to display reproduction bronze casts from Pompeii and Herculaneum . [ 7 ] The gallery was renovated in 2009 , and currently exhibits more than 500 objects representing American and European decorative arts from the Rococo and Neoclassical periods of the 18th century to contemporary design and craft . [ 8 ] Hall of Architecture ( 1907 ) – The Hall of Architecture houses almost 140 full-size plaster casts of elements of buildings found in the ancient and classical civilizations of Egypt , Greece and Rome , and from Romanesque , Gothic and Renaissance Europe . It is the largest collection of plaster casts of architectural masterpieces in America and one of the three largest in the world , along with those of the Victoria and Albert Museum in London and the Musée national des Monuments Français in Paris . [ 9 ] Hall of Sculpture ( 1907 ) – The Hall of Sculpture was modeled after the Parthenon 's inner sanctuary and was originally created to house the museum 's 69 plaster casts of Egyptian , Near Eastern , Greek , and Roman sculpture . Today it exhibits works from the permanent collections , with its balcony displaying decorative arts objects from the eighteenth to the twentieth century . Heinz Architectural Center ( 1993 ) – dedicated to the collection , study , and exhibition of architectural drawings and models . [ 10 ] Scaife Galleries ( 1974 ) – The Scaife Galleries display the permanent collection of the museum , [ 11 ] and contains paintings , sculptures , works on paper , film , and video pieces . Forum Gallery – Located on the first floor of the museum just inside the Forbes Avenue entrance , this single room is dedicated to temporary exhibitions of contemporary art . It opened November 3 , 1990 , with support from the National Endowment of the Arts – The first exhibition , Forum 1 , was a solo show of Jeff Wall . Subsequent exhibitions were numbered sequentially ( for example , Forum 40 featured Felix de la Concha ) . Unlike larger museum exhibitions , which can take up to three years to plan and execute , Forum shows come together relatively quickly , and are open to any curatorial staff 's vision . In the words of Vicky Clark , a longtime curator at the museum , `` The idea was to make sure that we had an exhibition of contemporary art set up at all times . '' [ 12 ] Educational programs [ edit ] Saturday art classes in the galleries of the Carnegie Museum of Art have been conducted for over 75 years . Alumni of the program include Andy Warhol , photographer Duane Michals , and contemporary artist Philip Pearlstein . [ citation needed ] The museum has classes specific to various age groups . [ 13 ] Looted art controversy [ edit ] In 2023 the Manhattan District Attorney seized a drawing by Egon Schiele entitled Portrait of a Man within the framework of a criminal investigation concerning the Nazi-era looting of the collection of Fritz Grunbäum , who was murdered in the Holocaust .