Heinz History Center - Wikipedia Jump to content Main menu Main menu move to sidebar hide Navigation Main page Contents Current events Random article About Wikipedia Contact us Contribute Help Learn to edit Community portal Recent changes Upload file Search Search Donate Appearance Create account Log in Personal tools Create account Log in Pages for logged out editors learn more Contributions Talk Contents move to sidebar hide ( Top ) 1 Senator John Heinz History Center Toggle Senator John Heinz History Center subsection 1.1 Architecture 1.2 Interior and contents 2 Western Pennsylvania Sports Museum at the History Center 3 Detre Library & Archives at the History Center 4 Meadowcroft Rockshelter and Historic Village 5 Fort Pitt Museum 6 References 7 External links Toggle the table of contents Heinz History Center Add languages Add links Article Talk English Read Edit View history Tools Tools move to sidebar hide Actions Read Edit View history General What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Cite this page Get shortened URL Download QR code Wikidata item Print/export Download as PDF Printable version In other projects Wikimedia Commons Appearance move to sidebar hide Coordinates : 40°26′48″N 79°59′32″W ﻿ / ﻿ 40.4466°N 79.9922°W ﻿ / 40.4466 ; -79.9922 From Wikipedia , the free encyclopedia History Museum in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania Heinz History Center Location within Pennsylvania Established 1879 ( 1879 ) Current location : 1996 Location Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania Coordinates 40°26′48″N 79°59′32″W ﻿ / ﻿ 40.4466°N 79.9922°W ﻿ / 40.4466 ; -79.9922 Type History Museum Director Andrew Masich ( President & CEO ) Curator Anne Madarasz ( Director Curatorial Division/Chief Historian/Director WPSM ) Website www.heinzhistorycenter.org This article needs additional citations for verification . Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources . Unsourced material may be challenged and removed . Find sources : `` Heinz History Center '' – news · newspapers · books · scholar · JSTOR ( March 2022 ) ( Learn how and when to remove this message ) The Senator John Heinz History Center , an affiliate of the Smithsonian Institution , [ 1 ] is the largest history museum in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania , United States . Named after U.S . Senator H. John Heinz III ( 1938–1991 ) from Pennsylvania , it is located in the Strip District of Pittsburgh . The Heinz History Center is a 275,000-square-foot ( 25,500 m 2 ) [ 2 ] educational institution `` that engages and inspires a diverse audience with links to the past , understanding in the present , and guidance for the future by preserving regional history and presenting the American experience with a Western Pennsylvania connection . '' [ 3 ] In 2024 , the Heinz History Center was named the best history museum in America by readers of USA Today as part of their annual Readers ' Choice poll . [ 4 ] Senator John Heinz History Center [ edit ] This museum 's history began in 1879 , with the formation of a club called Old Residents of Pittsburgh and Western Pennsylvania . In 1884 , leaders changed the organization 's name to the Historical Society of Western Pennsylvania ( HSWP ) ; it has been operating continuously since then and is the Pittsburgh region 's oldest cultural organization . [ 3 ] HSWP began the tradition of interpreting public history in 1911 , organizing the centennial of steamboat navigation in Pittsburgh . In 1955 , it led the organization of the city 's bicentennial celebration . During its early years , HSWP leaders held meetings in homes and churches , but in 1893 , were granted space for the organization 's archives at the new Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh in the Oakland neighborhood . [ 3 ] By 1914 , HSWP had its own building on Bigelow Boulevard . It operated there until 1996 , when its expanded quarters in the renovated historic warehouse were completed in Pittsburgh 's Strip District . [ 3 ] The Society celebrated the opening of the new museum by hosting an inaugural gala there on April 26 , 1996 , for 900 guests . [ citation needed ] In 2004 , the Smithsonian wing was completed , adding a gallery for changing exhibitions from the Smithsonian Institution , a Special Collections Gallery , an Education Center , and the Western Pennsylvania Sports Museum . [ 5 ] View of the Senator John Heinz History Center from Pittsburgh 's Strip District The History Center is named for H. John Heinz III , the late U.S . Senator from Pennsylvania who died in a 1991 plane crash . [ 2 ] Architecture [ edit ] The century-old Chautauqua Lake Ice Company building was renovated and adapted by the Pittsburgh office of the architecture firm of Bohlin Cywinski Jackson , who did the design and oversaw construction . The interior was designed to show off the building 's features , as well as create spaces for exhibits and support space . The museum building is an exhibit in its own right . [ 6 ] Interior and contents [ edit ] The History Center features the Western Pennsylvania Sports Museum , Detre Library & Archives , and six floors of permanent and changing exhibitions that tell the story of Western Pennsylvania . [ 7 ] The History Center features permanent exhibitions including : Pittsburgh : A Tradition of Innovation - celebrates 250 years of Western Pennsylvania 's significant contributions to the world , from Dr. Jonas Salk 's discovery of the polio vaccine to the invention of the Big Mac . [ 8 ] Senator John Heinz : A Western Pennsylvania Legacy - details the life and legacy of one of Pittsburgh 's most beloved philanthropists and politicians . [ 9 ] Clash of Empires : The British , French , & Indian War , 1754-1763 - explores the origins , development , and aftermath of the global French and Indian War .