Bureaus , and Elected Offices . These expenditures represent costs for the administration and distribution of governmental services . These services include , but are not limited to : public safety , refuse collection , snow removal , street paving , the issuance of permits and licenses , and maintenance and programming for local parks and community recreation centers . In addition , the General Fund also supports the routine administration of local government that includes employee wages and health benefits , workers ’ compensation benefits , utility and fuel usage , the funding of municipal pension plans , and debt service . The City collects revenues to finance the costs associated with delivering services to residents . Revenues are collected by the City from the levy of taxes , collection of fees related to the issuance of permits and licenses , charges for services provided by City Departments , fines and forfeitures , intergovernmental revenues , and other revenue generating mechanisms . The Operating Budget combines information relating to expenditures and revenues , creating a plan as to what governmental services can be executed by the City and subsequently delivered to the public within a given fiscal year . The detailed financial figures within this document illustrate both the cost incurred by the City of Pittsburgh in delivering services to the public and the means through which these costs are financed . The Operating Budget also stands as a policy document outlining the strategic initiatives of both the Mayor and Members of City Council . Laws established by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania restrict how much money the City of Pittsburgh may raise through the levy of taxes and charges for permits and licenses . As a result , the City of Pittsburgh must balance the demands for services against the available resources that it can legally acquire through tax and non-tax revenue generating mechanisms . Given the reality of scarce resources , the City must prioritize initiatives and fund only those determined to be most essential and beneficial to the overall health of the City . The level of funding allocated to individual Departments and programs within the City clearly exhibits priorities set by the City ’ s elected public officials . Finally , the Operating Budget can be viewed as a legally binding document . All of the costs incurred by the City of Pittsburgh in providing day-to-day public services must be paid for out of the Operating Budget . Therefore , the City of Pittsburgh must act within the confines of the financial details outlined within this document . The Operating Budget can only be altered through a series of formal processes , which parallel those enacted in the initial creation of the plan . Basis of Accounting The General Fund budget is adopted on a cash basis of accounting , meaning that the City of Pittsburgh recognizes revenues when they are received and expenditures when they are paid . The Fiscal Year The City of Pittsburgh ’ s fiscal year begins on the first day of January and ends on the last day of December of each year . This can only be changed by ordinance . Balanced Budget Mandate The City ’ s Home Rule Charter requires that the annual Operating Budget be balanced , with estimated revenues equal to or greater than estimated expenditures . Should revenues exceed expenditures at the end of a fiscal year , the budget surplus is transferred into the City ’ s reserve fund balance.City of Pittsburgh Operating Budget Fiscal Year 2024 Budget Guide 20 The City ’ s Fund Structure In accordance with generally accepted accounting principles , the City ’ s financial reporting system is organized on a fund basis consisting of two major types of funds : governmental and fiduciary . Governmental Funds General Fund Capital Projects Fund Community Development Funds Special Revenues Funds Fiduciary Funds Pension Trust Fund Agency Funds The General Fund is the main operating fund for the City . It includes most tax revenues and is used to sustain most of the City ’ s day-to-day activities , including public safety , public works , parks , planning , and general administration . The Capital Projects Fund is used to fund construction and/or maintenance of any public property , facility , or program ( such as buildings , park facilities , infrastructure , information technology systems ) that is expected to provide a long-term benefit to the City . All projects funded by debt should meet two requirements : a minimum value of $ 50,000 and a life expectancy greater than five years . Funding for the Capital Projects Fund comes from three major sources : Pay-As-You-Go ( PAYGO ) funding , bonds , and State and Federal Funds . For more detail on the Capital Budget and what it funds , please refer to the 2024 Capital Budget document . Community Development Funds are funded primarily by the federal Department of Housing and Urban Development ( HUD ) . These funds are earmarked for projects relating to housing , economic development , and human services needs in neighborhoods with a high concentration of low- to moderate-income households . Special Revenue Funds are funds in which a substantial portion of the proceeds or inflows are restricted or committed for a specific purpose . Examples of these include the Liquid Fuels Fund , the Pittsburgh Partnership Fund , and the Grants Fund . While they are included in this document , the City only sets formal appropriations for two of the funds : the Stop the Violence Fund , and the Parks Tax Fund . Although many of these include the word “ trust ” in their titles , this is more of an informal recognition that the funds are designated for special purposes ; the funds are not held by any trustees or custodians . Fiduciary Funds are used to account for resources held for the benefit of parties outside the government . These resources are not available to support the City of Pittsburgh ’ s own operations and are custodial in nature .