. This must occur before December 31st . Failure to enact a budget prior to January 1st of the new year means that the City can not pay any vendors , can not undertake any projects , and can not ( subject to collective bargaining agreements ) pay any employees . The last time a budget was not approved before December 31st was 1931 . Upon adoption , OMB is responsible for implementing and overseeing the City of Pittsburgh ’ s Operating and Capital Budgets . Throughout the fiscal year , OMB monitors the City ’ s expenditures and revenues , provides legislative oversight on any matters related to the budget , and oversees budget transfers and adjustments . Analysts in OMB prepare quarterly reports on the performance of major revenue sources and expenditure categories , reports on key factors driving the budget , reports on cash flow , and brief updates on important management initiatives.City of Pittsburgh Operating Budget Fiscal Year 2024 Budget Guide 26 Five-Year Financial Forecast In addition to developing the budget , OMB and the Department of Finance are responsible for estimating both expenditures and revenues for the four years following the next fiscal year . Together , these estimates comprise the five-year financial forecast reported in the budget document . The five-year forecast allows City Officials to evaluate the fiscal health of the City for a longer period of time . This aids in identifying any future trends related to revenues and/or expenditures that may have an immediate or long- term impact on City operations . In addition , the five-year plan is used by City decision makers when planning for long-term strategies , formulating departmental and citywide initiatives , and developing new policies that might result in a financial impact . The financial forecast is an essential tool in maintaining financial discipline , thus ensuring the delivery of essential services to residents of the City of Pittsburgh . Revenue Forecast Revenues represent the available resources afforded to the City to carry out basic administrative operations and deliver services to City residents . The ability of the City of Pittsburgh to generate revenue is governed by the rights afforded to the City under its Home Rule Charter and by the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania . Projected future year expenditures are directly influenced by future year revenues projections . The Department of Finance utilizes a variety of techniques and information sources to develop revenue forecasts . Previous years ’ financial data is used to forecast growth for major tax and non-tax revenues . Monthly and end-of- year financial data related to all revenues are archived and updated in the City ’ s enterprise resource planning ( ERP ) system . This information is then analyzed through statistical methods to ascertain growth in each revenue line . Where applicable , the City then applies a growth rate to each revenue line . In addition to the previous years ’ financial data , the City consults with IHS Markit to forecast regional economic variables . These economic variables help to inform how various aspects of the economy can affect revenue generating activity in the City . The City also incorporates data from federal government agencies such as the Bureau of Economic Analysis and the Bureau of Labor Statistics and organizations such as Fannie Mae , the National Association of Realtors , and RealSTATs . Revenue projections are finalized after a series of meetings with various stakeholders related to the City of Pittsburgh ’ s Operating Budget . The City Controller verifies that budgetary assumptions and estimates are developed in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and that revenue assumptions are reasonable . Following consensus by all stakeholders in the budget development process , the revenue projections are finalized and incorporated into the five-year financial forecast . Expenditure Forecast OMB is responsible for developing the expenditure projections for the five-year forecast . To develop these forecasts OMB first enters all known future year expenditures into its budget management software . These known expenditures are those that are either contractual ( professional service contracts , debt service payments , pension contributions , etc . ) or generally predictable ( staffing levels in each department , citywide salary increases , etc . ) . OMB then develops forecasts which consider past year expenditure data and future growth , strategies , and initiatives . While most costs remain relatively static some expenditures lines , such as healthcare and fuel , are subject to growth in future years . These increases are largely a product of costs rising in the private market . This is accounted for in the financial forecast by applying a percentage growth each year based on trend , Lastly , the Directors of each City division present any requests that are not captured by the methods described above . These requests are often related to software , equipment , or personnel and are regarded to be essential in achieving the goals or augmenting the services of each individual Department . OMB compiles all such requests and evaluates how they relate to the Mayor ’ s strategic initiatives . Subject to available funds , those requests that fall in line with the citywide initiatives are funded in each respective division ’ s budget in the five-year forecast.City of Pittsburgh Operating Budget Fiscal Year 2024 Budget Guide 27 How to Read the Budget Throughout this budget document , financial data is illustrated in a variety of ways . In general , each separate section of the document reports the same financial data . The level of detail is the only substantial difference between each report within a section . Departmental Sections The most detailed and specific illustration of the General Fund Operating Budget financial data can be found in the Departmental Sections of the document . This section details funds by subclass and account that have been appropriated to each individual division . The following are the different components that in aggregate make up the Departmental Sections of the Operating Budget .