AND PERFORMANCE 2024 Expenditures by Subclass 51 - PERSONNEL-SALARIES & WAGES 52 - PERSONNEL-EMPLOYEE BENEFITS 53 - PROF. & TECHNICAL SERVICES54 - PROPERTY SERVICES55 - OTHER SERVICES56 - SUPPLIES57 - PROPERTYCity of Pittsburgh Operating Budget Department of Innovation & Performance Fiscal Year 2024 103000 92 Commission on Human Relations 93 94 Mission The Commission on Human Relations is the official Civil Rights agency for the City of Pittsburgh , and is empowered by Chapters 651-659 of the Pittsburgh City Code to enforce Civil Rights laws , eliminate discrimination , and deal with matters of inter-group conflict . Departmental/Bureau Overview The Commission receives and investigates complaints of discrimination in the areas of housing , employment , and public accommodations within the jurisdiction of the City . The Commission also provides outreach and education services regarding rights and responsibilities under the Fair Practices Ordinances ( PCC : 651-659 ) . These functions are performed within the following program areas : Unlawful Practices Administration and Enforcement - As provided in the City Code , the Commission ’ s mandate is to receive , investigate , and adjudicate complaints of discriminatory practices in the areas of employment , housing , and public accommodations . This office is also charged with the responsibility for the receipt , investigation , and adjudication of complaints alleging civil rights violations by City employees in the exercise of their duties as City employees . The Commission is charged with seeking the satisfactory resolution or adjustment of all complaints through negotiation , mediation , and conciliation . Inter-Group/Police Community Relations - The Commission studies , investigates , holds public hearings , and conciliates issues in the community that adversely affect inter-group relations , negatively impact the livability of city neighborhoods , and lead to civil unrest . Education and Outreach - The Commission provides information on the laws it enforces and its work in the area of community relations through the use of a wide variety of tools including presentations and programs specifically targeted to reach the particular needs of all segments of the population , including the City workforce . These services complement the Commission ’ s work in the area of enforcement and serve to reduce prejudice , enhance inter-group relations , increase understanding of our need for unity , and bring about a greater level of awareness and compliance with the law . The Commission also work to further the City ’ s commitment to the UN Sustainable Development Goals ( SDGs ) , especially those focused on peace , justice , and strong institutions . 2023 Accomplishments • Developed and implemented a public portal to be able to receive discrimination inquiries online . • Hosted a hybrid Housing Summit for Fair Housing Month , which provided education and services connections to the community .