% 3.3 % CITY COUNCIL 2024 Expenditures by Subclass 51 - PERSONNEL-SALARIES & WAGES52 - PERSONNEL-EMPLOYEE BENEFITS56 - SUPPLIESCity of Pittsburgh Operating Budget City Council Districts Fiscal Year 2024 101100 63 Council as a Body 64 Description of Services Council as a Body provides City Council with centralized staff support . The City Clerk is elected by members of City Council every three years and is responsible for the due , proper , and faithful performance of all operational matters of City Council . Under the direction of Council , the Clerk Division coordinates and schedules all official City Council meetings and public hearings and provides constituent and legislative support . This Division oversees , guides , tracks and records the entire legislative process , from the introduction of proposed legislation to final approval and publication . All proposed ordinances and resolutions are submitted for processing . This Division also oversees the signature process on all approved legislation . The City Clerk records the legislation to the Municipal Record Book . The Records Management Division serves as a document and information resource for City Council , City Departments , and all government and outside entities and the general public . The Records Management Division is responsible for maintaining a citywide records management system . They maintain custody , control , filing , and storage of all legislation , books , papers , minutes and other written and recorded documents and material pertaining to the operation of City government . The City Council Budget Division monitors City finances and conducts analysis of City operations and policy matters . This Division analyzes all legislation relating to finances that pass through City Council , prepares and distributes to Council periodic reports on revenues , expenditures and other financial trends relative to the financial operation and fiscal condition of the City . The Division produces , supervises , and reviews the City ’ s final annual operating , capital , and Community Development budgets and compiles special reports and executive summaries for Council to assist them in their deliberations .