Recital Joshua Gandy , hornDonna Amato , piano Program : TBA Cost : Free and open to the public ; No tickets required . Monday , February 24 Carnegie Mellon Chamber Series : Happening Now 24 Feb @ 07:30 pm | Kresge Theatre Carnegie Mellon Chamber Series : Happening Now The Carnegie Mellon University Chamber Series brings together members of the CMU Faculty and Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra for outstanding music making in an intimate space . Program : Anjélica Negrón MarejadaAftab Darvishi Daughters of Sol CMU Honors Quartet Nokuthula Ng Thursday , February 27 Carnegie Mellon Philharmonic | Student Composers Concert 27 Feb @ 08:00 pm | Carnegie Music Hall Carnegie Mellon Philharmonic Daniel Nesta Curtis , conductor Program : Leila Gottlieb - New Work Shima McClure - New Work Miles Pride - New Work Ryan Onestak - New Work Hector Berlioz - Symphonie Fantastique Cost : Free and open to the public ; Tickets required . Friday , February 28 Student Recital : Weiyi Song 28 Feb @ 07:00 pm | Kresge Theatre Student Recital Weiyi Song , soprano I-Hsiang Chao , piano Program : TBA Cost : Free and open to the public ; No tickets required . Friday , March 14 Spring Composition Studio Concert 14 Mar @ 07:00 pm | Kresge Theatre Spring Composition Studio Concert Program : TBA Cost : Free and open to the public , no tickets required . Thursday , March 20 CMU Chorus & Singers 20 Mar @ 07:30 pm | Alumni Concert Hall CMU Chorus & Singers Thomas W. Douglas , director Program : TBA Cost : Free and open to the public ; Tickets required . Friday , March 21 Student Recital : Annalese Lohr 21 Mar @ 07:30 pm | Kresge Theatre Student Recital Annalese Lohr , flute Vahan Sargsyan , piano Program : TBA Cost : Free and open to the public ; No tickets required . Saturday , March 22 Student Recital : Claudia Shassberger 22 Mar @ 01:00 pm | Kresge Theatre Student Recital Claudia Shassberger , tubaVahan Sargsyan , piano Program : TBA Cost : Free and open to the public ; No tickets required . Student Recital : Katelyn Denman 22 Mar @ 07:00 pm | Kresge Theatre Student Recital Katelyn Denman , piano Program : TBA Cost : Free and open to the public ; No tickets required . Sunday , March 23 Carnegie Mellon Wind Ensemble 23 Mar @ 02:30 pm | Carnegie Music Hall Carnegie Mellon Wind Ensemble George Vosburgh , Director Stephen Story , Associate Director Ethan Carter , conductor The Carnegie Mellon Wind Ensemble utilizes a flexible instrumentation of winds , brass , and percussion to perform repertoire from standard concert band works to contemporary compositions of various instrumental combinations . Progra Friday , March 28 First-Year Composition Showcase 28 Mar @ 07:00 pm | Kresge Theatre First-Year Composition Showcase The Carnegie Mellon School of Music presents an afternoon of music composed by first-year composition majors . Program : TBA Cost : Free and open to the public ; No tickets required . Sunday , March 30 Student Recital : Andrew Zimlinghaus 30 Mar @ 12:00 pm | Kresge Theatre Student Recital Andrew Zimlinghaus , saxophoneDonna Amato , piano Program : TBA Cost : Free and open to the public ; No tickets required . Student Recital : Chris Pannullo 30 Mar @ 03:00 pm | Kresge Theatre Student Recital Chris Pannullo , saxophoneDonna Amato , piano Program : TBA Cost : Free and open to the public ; No tickets required . Student Recital : Christa Barnes 30 Mar @ 06:00 pm | Kresge Theatre Student Recital Christa Barnes , bass trombone Donna Amato , piano Program : TBA Cost : Free and open to the public ; No tickets required . Tuesday , April 1 Carnegie Mellon Chamber Series : Schumann & Schubert 01 Apr @ 07:30 pm | Kresge Theatre Carnegie Mellon Chamber Series : Schumann & Schubert The Carnegie Mellon University Chamber Series brings together members of the CMU Faculty and Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra for outstanding music making in an intimate space . Program : Schumann Piano Quartet in E-flat major , op . 47 David McCarroll , violin D Wednesday , April 2 A Gala of Grand Opera 02 Apr @ 08:00 pm | Carnegie Music Hall Carnegie Mellon Philharmonic Daniel Nesta Curtis , conductor Program : Johann Strauss Jr. - Die Fledermaus Giacomo Puccini - Gianni Schicchi Giacomo Puccini - Madame Butterfly Giacomo Puccini - La Rondine Giuseppe Verdi - La Traviata Leo Delibes - Lakmé George Bizet - Carmen Leonard Bernstein - Candide Cost : $ 10 Regular Admission $ 5 Senior Citi Friday , April 11 Student Recital : Yi Ding 11 Apr @ 05:30 pm | Alumni Concert Hall Student Recital Yi Ding , Saxophone Donna Amato , piano Program : TBA Cost : Free and open to the public ; No tickets required . Saturday , April 12 Student Recital : Emily Garcia 12 Apr @ 08:00 pm | Kresge Theatre Student Recital Emily Garcia , soprano I-Hsiang Chao , piano Program : TBA Cost : Free and open to the public ; No tickets required . Sunday , April 13 Student Recital : David Song 13 Apr @ 12:00 pm | Kresge Theatre Student Recital David Song , saxophone Donna Amato , piano Program : TBA Cost : Free and open to the public ; No tickets required . Student Recital : Evelyn Davenport 13 Apr @ 04:00 pm | Kresge Theatre Student Recital Evelyn Davenport , piano Program : TBA Cost : Free and open to the public ; No tickets required . Tuesday , April 15 Carnegie Mellon Jazz Orchestra & JIVE-Carnegie Mellon Jazz Choir 15 Apr @ 07:00 pm | Carnegie Music Hall Carnegie Mellon Jazz Orchestra & JIVE-Carnegie Mellon Jazz Choir The Carnegie Mellon School of Music Jazz Ensembles explore a variety of jazz genres , from traditional swing to current trends in jazz fusion and jazz chamber music , while also performing jazz classics in a big band style .