Carnegie Mellon University — — — Search Search Academics Admission About Visit Research Student Experience Athletics Give CMU Events Calendar CMU › CMU Events Calendar October 15 , 2024DayWeekMonthList All Upcoming Events1204 All Events Tuesday , October 15 Midnight Event Thumbnail Hispanic Heritage Month [ map ] Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation , 5th Fl ... 9 a.m. - 5 p.m. M-F ( to Dec 17 ) Arisaema ringens , inflorescence , unfertilized fruits and foliage , scale ×1 [ Arisaema ringens ( Thunberg ) Schott , Araceae ] , watercolor on paper by Marianne Hazlewood ( Scotland ) , 2018 , 60.2 × 41.3 cm , reproduced by permission of the artist . 17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration This Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation exhibition includes 43 artworks by 43 artists representing 19 countries . [ map ] McConomy Auditorium , Cohon University Center Noon - 2 p.m . Event Thumbnail 30th Annual Andy Awards Join us for this annual celebration as we recognize 59 staff members and 12 teams for their meaningful contributions to Carnegie Mellon University . [ map ] CMU Pantry 2 - 5 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 20 ) Event Thumbnail CMU Pantry Hours The CMU Pantry is a free resource that combats food insecurity by providing food assistance to CMU students and their dependents . 4 - 5 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 17 ) Event Thumbnail Invisible Fight : Chronic Illness Support Group Living with a chronic illness/medical condition can be an isolating experience . This support group is an opportunity for students who experience chronic conditions ( i.e . asthma , diabetes , autoimmune diseases , cancer , and others ) to gather in community for support and validation . [ map ] Morewood Gardens Group Room 6 - 7 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 10 ) Event Thumbnail LGBTQIA+ Support and Social Group Come join us at this safer space for LGBTQIA+ folks to socialize and support one another . All Day Event Thumbnail Fall Break ; No Classes [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . [ map ] Hunt Library Gallery All Day Event Thumbnail Like , Totally Transformative : CMU in the 1980s This University Libraries ’ exhibit is a portal to the past , a snapshot of life on campus more than four decades ago as our world began to transform ! All Day Event Thumbnail National Disability Employment Awareness Month [ map ] Cohon University Center , Main Hallway All Day Scotty is a member of CMU Votes and encourages you to participate in democratic engagement events throughout the year . “ Your Vote , Your Future ” Exhibition Get inspired to vote by attending “ Your Vote , Your Future , ” an exhibition created by the School of Design ’ s third-year communication design students that emphasizes the power of voting and civic engagement . Wednesday , October 16 [ map ] Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation , 5th Fl ... 9 a.m. - 5 p.m. M-F ( to Dec 17 ) Arisaema ringens , inflorescence , unfertilized fruits and foliage , scale ×1 [ Arisaema ringens ( Thunberg ) Schott , Araceae ] , watercolor on paper by Marianne Hazlewood ( Scotland ) , 2018 , 60.2 × 41.3 cm , reproduced by permission of the artist . 17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration This Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation exhibition includes 43 artworks by 43 artists representing 19 countries . Online Noon - 1 p.m . Event Thumbnail LGBTQIA+ Faculty and Staff Alliance Monthly Meeting A monthly virtual meeting for the LGBTQIA+ Faculty and Staff Alliance Employee Resource Group . [ map ] Morewood Gardens Group Room 3:30 - 5 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 11 ) Event Thumbnail Gender in Process This is a supportive space for healing from internalized cissexism and transphobia , together . [ map ] Highmark Center for Health , Wellness and Athletics ... 4 - 5 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 13 ) Event Thumbnail Master ’ s Student Support Group The Master ’ s Student Support Group provides an opportunity for students to come together and discuss the unique experiences and challenges of being a Master ’ s student . [ map ] CMU Pantry 4:30 - 7:30 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 20 ) Event Thumbnail CMU Pantry Hours The CMU Pantry is a free resource that combats food insecurity by providing food assistance to CMU students and their dependents . [ map ] Nexus of Civic Engagement , Cohon University Center ... 6 - 9 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 5 ) Scotty is a member of CMU Votes and encourages you to participate in democratic engagement events throughout the year . Voter Registration Assistance A member of the CMU Votes team will be available to help you register to vote , check your voter registration status , and/or find your polling place for the upcoming election . All Day Event Thumbnail Fall Break ; No Classes [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . [ map ] Hunt Library Gallery All Day Event Thumbnail Like , Totally Transformative : CMU in the 1980s This University Libraries ’ exhibit is a portal to the past , a snapshot of life on campus more than four decades ago as our world began to transform !