- 9 p.m. Assistant Chemistry Professor Carrie McDonough Café Scientifique - Our Fluorinated Fingerprint : Interpreting Patterns of PFAS in Our Environment and Our Bodies Presenter : Carrie McDonough , Ph.D. , assistant professor of chemistry , Mellon College of Science ; chemical oceanographer and analytical chemist [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . [ map ] Hunt Library Gallery All Day Event Thumbnail Like , Totally Transformative : CMU in the 1980s This University Libraries ’ exhibit is a portal to the past , a snapshot of life on campus more than four decades ago as our world began to transform ! All Day Event Thumbnail Native American Heritage Month [ map ] Cohon University Center , Main Hallway All Day Scotty is a member of CMU Votes and encourages you to participate in democratic engagement events throughout the year . “ Your Vote , Your Future ” Exhibition Get inspired to vote by attending “ Your Vote , Your Future , ” an exhibition created by the School of Design ’ s third-year communication design students that emphasizes the power of voting and civic engagement . Tuesday , November 5 All Day Event Thumbnail Democracy Day ; No Classes , except Evening classes after will still meet [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . [ map ] Hunt Library Gallery All Day Event Thumbnail Like , Totally Transformative : CMU in the 1980s This University Libraries ’ exhibit is a portal to the past , a snapshot of life on campus more than four decades ago as our world began to transform ! All Day Event Thumbnail Native American Heritage Month [ map ] Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation , 5th Fl ... 9 a.m. - 5 p.m. M-F ( to Dec 17 ) Arisaema ringens , inflorescence , unfertilized fruits and foliage , scale ×1 [ Arisaema ringens ( Thunberg ) Schott , Araceae ] , watercolor on paper by Marianne Hazlewood ( Scotland ) , 2018 , 60.2 × 41.3 cm , reproduced by permission of the artist . 17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration This Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation exhibition includes 43 artworks by 43 artists representing 19 countries . [ map ] CMU Pantry 2 - 5 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 20 ) Event Thumbnail CMU Pantry Hours The CMU Pantry is a free resource that combats food insecurity by providing food assistance to CMU students and their dependents . 4 - 5 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 17 ) Event Thumbnail Invisible Fight : Chronic Illness Support Group Living with a chronic illness/medical condition can be an isolating experience . This support group is an opportunity for students who experience chronic conditions ( i.e . asthma , diabetes , autoimmune diseases , cancer , and others ) to gather in community for support and validation . [ map ] Morewood Gardens Group Room 6 - 7 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 10 ) Event Thumbnail LGBTQIA+ Support and Social Group Come join us at this safer space for LGBTQIA+ folks to socialize and support one another . [ map ] Well-being Lab , Highmark Center for Health , Wellne ... 7 - 8 p.m. Paws to Relax : Pet Therapy [ map ] Cohon University Center , Main Hallway All Day Scotty is a member of CMU Votes and encourages you to participate in democratic engagement events throughout the year . “ Your Vote , Your Future ” Exhibition Get inspired to vote by attending “ Your Vote , Your Future , ” an exhibition created by the School of Design ’ s third-year communication design students that emphasizes the power of voting and civic engagement . Wednesday , November 6 [ map ] Cohon University Center , Main Hallway Midnight Scotty is a member of CMU Votes and encourages you to participate in democratic engagement events throughout the year . “ Your Vote , Your Future ” Exhibition Get inspired to vote by attending “ Your Vote , Your Future , ” an exhibition created by the School of Design ’ s third-year communication design students that emphasizes the power of voting and civic engagement . [ map ] Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation , 5th Fl ... 9 a.m. - 5 p.m. M-F ( to Dec 17 ) Arisaema ringens , inflorescence , unfertilized fruits and foliage , scale ×1 [ Arisaema ringens ( Thunberg ) Schott , Araceae ] , watercolor on paper by Marianne Hazlewood ( Scotland ) , 2018 , 60.2 × 41.3 cm , reproduced by permission of the artist . 17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration This Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation exhibition includes 43 artworks by 43 artists representing 19 countries . Online 10 - 11:30 a.m . Event Thumbnail Getting Started With R and R Studio Part 1 This two-part introductory workshop aims to teach basic concepts , skills and tools for working with data in R so that you can get more done in less time , and apply concepts of reproducibility to your research . [ map ] The Well-being Lab ( 104 ) , Highmark Center for Heal ... 11 a.m. - 8 p.m. Chill Zone Well-being Lab ( Room 104 ) , Wellness & Meaning- ... Noon - 1 p.m .