map ] CMU Pantry Noon - 3 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 20 ) Event Thumbnail CMU Pantry Hours The CMU Pantry is a free resource that combats food insecurity by providing food assistance to CMU students and their dependents . 4 - 5:15 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 20 ) Event Thumbnail Black Women ’ s Support Group A supportive , virtual space for students who identify as Black women , facilitated by Black female therapists . All Day Guru Nanak Ji ’ s Birthday [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . [ map ] Hunt Library Gallery All Day Event Thumbnail Like , Totally Transformative : CMU in the 1980s This University Libraries ’ exhibit is a portal to the past , a snapshot of life on campus more than four decades ago as our world began to transform ! All Day Event Thumbnail Native American Heritage Month All Day Nativity Fast Saturday , November 16 [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . [ map ] Hunt Library Gallery All Day Event Thumbnail Like , Totally Transformative : CMU in the 1980s This University Libraries ’ exhibit is a portal to the past , a snapshot of life on campus more than four decades ago as our world began to transform ! All Day Event Thumbnail Native American Heritage Month All Day Nativity Fast [ map ] CMU Pantry 10 a.m. - 1 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 20 ) Event Thumbnail CMU Pantry Hours The CMU Pantry is a free resource that combats food insecurity by providing food assistance to CMU students and their dependents . 2 - 5 p.m. CMU Tartans logo ( Women ’ s Basketball ) Muskingum vs. Carnegie Mellon [ map ] Kresge Theatre , College of Fine Arts @ 5000 Forbes ... 4 - 6 p.m . Event Thumbnail Carnegie Mellon Wind Ensemble Sunday , November 17 [ map ] Kresge Theatre , College of Fine Arts @ 5000 Forbes ... 4 - 6 p.m . Event Thumbnail Carnegie Mellon Contemporary Ensemble [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . [ map ] Hunt Library Gallery All Day Event Thumbnail Like , Totally Transformative : CMU in the 1980s This University Libraries ’ exhibit is a portal to the past , a snapshot of life on campus more than four decades ago as our world began to transform ! All Day Event Thumbnail Native American Heritage Month All Day Nativity Fast Monday , November 18 [ map ] Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation , 5th Fl ... 9 a.m. - 5 p.m. M-F ( to Dec 17 ) Arisaema ringens , inflorescence , unfertilized fruits and foliage , scale ×1 [ Arisaema ringens ( Thunberg ) Schott , Araceae ] , watercolor on paper by Marianne Hazlewood ( Scotland ) , 2018 , 60.2 × 41.3 cm , reproduced by permission of the artist . 17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration This Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation exhibition includes 43 artworks by 43 artists representing 19 countries . Online Noon - 1 p.m . Event Thumbnail Analyzing Scholarly Literature Using Bibliometrics This workshop will provide an introduction to bibliometric methods . [ map ] Rangos Ballroom , Cohon University Center + Online Noon - 1:30 p.m . Event Thumbnail State of the University Address President Farnam Jahanian will share his annual update to the university community and talk about key university achievements and priorities . [ map ] Morewood Gardens Group Room 1 - 2:30 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 13 ) Event Thumbnail Neurospicy — Graduate Neurospicy is a supportive space for students across the neurodiverse umbrella to discuss their experiences traversing neuro-typical and allistic landscapes . [ map ] CMU Pantry 2 - 5 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 20 ) Event Thumbnail CMU Pantry Hours The CMU Pantry is a free resource that combats food insecurity by providing food assistance to CMU students and their dependents . 6:30 - 7:30 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 13 ) Event Thumbnail PhD Student Support Group The PhD Support Group offers space to confidentially discuss the stressors and challenges of navigating relationships with advisors and peers , academic milestones , academic hazing , low motivation , struggles with self-confidence , and efforts to lead a more balanced life . 7 - 10 p.m. CMU Tartans logo ( Men ’ s Basketball ) Penn St.-Behrend vs. Carnegie Mellon [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . [ map ] Hunt Library Gallery All Day Event Thumbnail Like , Totally Transformative : CMU in the 1980s This University Libraries ’ exhibit is a portal to the past , a snapshot of life on campus more than four decades ago as our world began to transform !