@ 5000 Forbes ... 8 - 10 p.m . Event Thumbnail Carnegie Mellon Contemporary Ensemble All Day CMU Tartans logo ( Women ’ s Tennis ) Duquesne vs. Carnegie Mellon [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . Sunday , January 26 , 2025 Noon - 3 p.m. CMU Tartans logo ( Women ’ s Basketball ) Brandeis vs. Carnegie Mellon 2 - 5 p.m. CMU Tartans logo ( Men ’ s Basketball ) Brandeis vs. Carnegie Mellon [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . Monday , January 27 , 2025 [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day Event Thumbnail Semester add , audit & tuition adjustment drop deadline Tuesday , January 28 , 2025 [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . Wednesday , January 29 , 2025 [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day Lunar New Year Thursday , January 30 , 2025 [ map ] Philip Chosky Theater , Purnell Center for the Arts ... 8 - 10 p.m . Event Thumbnail Carnegie Mellon Opera : Alcina [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . Friday , January 31 , 2025 [ map ] Philip Chosky Theater , Purnell Center for the Arts ... 8 - 10 p.m . Event Thumbnail Carnegie Mellon Opera : Alcina All Day CMU Tartans logo ( M. Swimming and Diving ) Western PA Invitational All Day CMU Tartans logo ( W. Swimming and Diving ) Western PA Invitational [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . Saturday , February 1 , 2025 [ map ] Philip Chosky Theater , Purnell Center for the Arts ... 8 - 10 p.m . Event Thumbnail Carnegie Mellon Opera : Alcina All Day CMU Tartans logo ( M. Swimming and Diving ) Western PA Invitational All Day CMU Tartans logo ( Men ’ s Tennis ) Allegheny vs. Carnegie Mellon All Day CMU Tartans logo ( W. Swimming and Diving ) Western PA Invitational All Day CMU Tartans logo ( Women ’ s Tennis ) Indiana ( PA ) vs. Carnegie Mellon All Day CMU Tartans logo ( Women ’ s Tennis ) Slippery Rock vs. Carnegie Mellon All Day Black History Month [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day Imbolc or St. Brigid ’ s Day Sunday , February 2 , 2025 [ map ] Philip Chosky Theater , Purnell Center for the Arts ... 2 - 4 p.m . Event Thumbnail Carnegie Mellon Opera : Alcina All Day Black History Month [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . Monday , February 3 , 2025 All Day Black History Month [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city .