promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day National Arab American Heritage Month All Day Ridván All Day Yom HaShoah Thursday , April 24 , 2025 [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day National Arab American Heritage Month All Day Ridván Friday , April 25 , 2025 3 - 6 p.m. CMU Tartans logo ( Softball ) WashU vs. Carnegie Mellon [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day Event Thumbnail Last Day of Classes All Day National Arab American Heritage Month All Day Ridván All Day Event Thumbnail Semester & Mini-4 voucher deadline Saturday , April 26 , 2025 Noon - 3 p.m. CMU Tartans logo ( Softball ) WashU vs. Carnegie Mellon 2 - 5 p.m. CMU Tartans logo ( Softball ) WashU vs. Carnegie Mellon [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day National Arab American Heritage Month All Day Ridván Sunday , April 27 , 2025 Heinz Hall @ 600 Penn Ave , Pittsburgh , PA , 15222 8 - 10 p.m. CMU Philharmonic Carnegie Mellon Philharmonic [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day National Arab American Heritage Month All Day Ridván Monday , April 28 , 2025 All Day Event Thumbnail Final Examinations [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day National Arab American Heritage Month All Day Ridván Tuesday , April 29 , 2025 All Day Event Thumbnail Final Examinations [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day National Arab American Heritage Month All Day Ridván Wednesday , April 30 , 2025 Midnight Event Thumbnail Final Examinations Midnight National Arab American Heritage Month [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day Event Thumbnail Reading Day All Day Ridván Thursday , May 1 , 2025 All Day Asian American and Pacific Islander Heritage Month All Day Beltane All Day Event Thumbnail Final Examinations [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day Jewish American Heritage All Day Ridván Friday , May 2 , 2025 Midnight Ridván All Day Asian American and Pacific Islander Heritage Month All Day Event Thumbnail Final Examinations [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day Jewish American Heritage Saturday , May 3 , 2025 Midnight Event Thumbnail Final Examinations All Day Asian American and Pacific Islander Heritage Month [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city .