founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day Lent / Great Lent All Day Ramadan All Day Women ’ s History Month Monday , March 24 , 2025 [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day Lent / Great Lent All Day Ramadan All Day Women ’ s History Month Tuesday , March 25 , 2025 [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day Lent / Great Lent All Day Ramadan All Day Women ’ s History Month Wednesday , March 26 , 2025 [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day Lent / Great Lent All Day Ramadan All Day Women ’ s History Month Thursday , March 27 , 2025 [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day Lent / Great Lent All Day Ramadan All Day Women ’ s History Month Friday , March 28 , 2025 3 - 6 p.m. CMU Tartans logo ( Softball ) Emory vs. Carnegie Mellon All Day CMU Tartans logo ( M. Track and Field ) Carnegie Mellon Invitational All Day CMU Tartans logo ( W. Track and Field ) Carnegie Mellon Invitational [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day Lent / Great Lent All Day Ramadan All Day Women ’ s History Month Saturday , March 29 , 2025 Midnight Ramadan Noon - 3 p.m. CMU Tartans logo ( Softball ) Emory vs. Carnegie Mellon 2 - 5 p.m. CMU Tartans logo ( Softball ) Emory vs. Carnegie Mellon All Day CMU Tartans logo ( M. Track and Field ) Carnegie Mellon Invitational All Day CMU Tartans logo ( W. Track and Field ) Carnegie Mellon Invitational [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day Lent / Great Lent All Day Women ’ s History Month Sunday , March 30 , 2025 All Day Eid al-Fitr [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day Lent / Great Lent All Day Women ’ s History Month Monday , March 31 , 2025 Midnight Eid al-Fitr Midnight Women ’ s History Month [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day International Transgender Day of Visibility All Day Lent / Great Lent All Day Event Thumbnail Semester pass/no pass & withdrawal deadline Tuesday , April 1 , 2025 [ map ] Kresge Theatre , College of Fine Arts @ 5000 Forbes ... 7:30 - 9:30 p.m . Event Thumbnail Carnegie Mellon Chamber Series : Schumann & Schubert [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day Lent / Great Lent All Day National Arab American Heritage Month Wednesday , April 2 , 2025 [ map ] Carnegie Music Hall , Oakland @ 4400 Forbes Avenue , ... 8 - 10 p.m .