’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day International Transgender Day of Visibility All Day Lent / Great Lent All Day Event Thumbnail Semester pass/no pass & withdrawal deadline Tuesday , April 1 , 2025 [ map ] Kresge Theatre , College of Fine Arts @ 5000 Forbes ... 7:30 - 9:30 p.m . Event Thumbnail Carnegie Mellon Chamber Series : Schumann & Schubert [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day Lent / Great Lent All Day National Arab American Heritage Month Wednesday , April 2 , 2025 [ map ] Carnegie Music Hall , Oakland @ 4400 Forbes Avenue , ... 8 - 10 p.m . Event Thumbnail A Gala of Grand Opera [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day Lent / Great Lent All Day Event Thumbnail Mini-4 course drop deadline ; withdrawal grade assigned after this date All Day National Arab American Heritage Month Thursday , April 3 , 2025 [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day Lent / Great Lent All Day National Arab American Heritage Month All Day Event Thumbnail Spring Carnival ; No Classes Friday , April 4 , 2025 3 - 6 p.m. CMU Tartans logo ( Softball ) Chicago vs. Carnegie Mellon [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day Lent / Great Lent All Day National Arab American Heritage Month All Day Event Thumbnail Spring Carnival ; No Classes Saturday , April 5 , 2025 [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day Lent / Great Lent All Day National Arab American Heritage Month Noon - 3 p.m. CMU Tartans logo ( Softball ) Chicago vs. Carnegie Mellon 2 - 5 p.m. CMU Tartans logo ( Softball ) Chicago vs. Carnegie Mellon All Day Event Thumbnail Spring Carnival ; No Classes Sunday , April 6 , 2025 Midnight Event Thumbnail Spring Carnival ; No Classes [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day Lent / Great Lent All Day National Arab American Heritage Month All Day Ram Navami Monday , April 7 , 2025 All Day Event Thumbnail Fall 2025 Registration Week [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day Lent / Great Lent All Day National Arab American Heritage Month Tuesday , April 8 , 2025 All Day Event Thumbnail Fall 2025 Registration Week [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day Lent / Great Lent All Day National Arab American Heritage Month Wednesday , April 9 , 2025 All Day Event Thumbnail Fall 2025 Registration Week [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city .