2024-2025 MainStage Live | Chamber Music Pittsburgh 412-626-6121 info @ cmpgh.org Programs MainStage Live Series Special Event : The Ébène and Belcea Quartets Pittsburgh Performs Just Summer Series Artist Residency About About Us Donate Contact Select Page Programs MainStage Live Series Special Event : The Ébène and Belcea Quartets Pittsburgh Performs Just Summer Series Artist Residency About About Us Donate Contact MainStage Live Exploring the Past . Composing the future . Our 2024-2025 MainStage Live concert series features an electrifying mix of celebrated soloists , established quartets , and innovative ensembles shaping the future of chamber music . Join us for five breathtaking concerts that explore the inspiring history and vibrant future of this dynamic genre . From classic Baroque masterpieces to groundbreaking new commissions , we invite you to experience the intimacy and power of chamber music like never before ! Subscriptions are on sale now ! Save 20 % off individual tickets with a subscription to our MainStage Live series . PNC Theatre At the award-winning Pittsburgh Playhouse of Point Park University 350 Forbes Avenue Pittsburgh , PA 15222 ( corner of Smithfield and Forbes ) New Subscriber ? Sign up here ! Returning subscriber ? Renew your subscription here ! SUBSCRIPTION BENEFITS AND Concert DETAILS How much does a subscription cost ? Tier 1 $ 220 • Tier 2 $ 180 • Tier 3 $ 140 . Student subscriptions for all tiers are $ 60 . As always , a subscription offers the best deal for tickets ( a 20 % discount ) while offering you access to the best seats in the house before single tickets go on sale . What perks are included with my subscription ? 20 % off single ticket prices and choice of the best seats in the house before single tickets go on sale $ 5 off any additional single tickets purchased throughout the season Priority seat selection in the PNC Theatre How much are single tickets ? Tier 1 $ 55 • Tier 2 $ 45 • Tier 3 $ 35 . $ 15 Student Rush tickets are available in person on the day of the concert at the box office with valid student ID presented . Will Chamber Music Pittsburgh offer digital recordings of concerts this season ? How does that work ? Yes ; each concert will be recorded live and produced into a high-quality video that will be sent via email one week following the live concert . These recordings are available to view on-demand as many times as you ’ d like for one week following delivery . All digital recordings are included with every subscription . Digital subscriptions are also available independently for $ 144 for out-of-town friends and family . How can I buy a subscription or a single ticket ? Subscriptions can be purchased online here , by mailing in a subscription form ( from our season brochure ) with a check made out to Pittsburgh Playhouse or credit card payment , or by calling the Pittsburgh Playhouse Box Office at 412-392-8000 . Current subscribers should call the box office directly to keep or change their current seats or mail a brochure order form to directly to the box office for processing ( 350 Forbes Ave , Pittsburgh , PA 15222 . ) Single tickets may be purchased online or by calling the Pittsburgh Playhouse Box Office beginning August 15 , 2024 . What are your protocols for COVID-19 ? COVID-19 vaccination and masking are optional . Please do not attend if you are feeling unwell or have been exposed to COVID-19 . CMP reserves the right to change , update , and enforce these policies as regulations may change . Please check reminder emails for updated information , and thank you for helping to keep our artists , staff , and patrons safe . Where is PNC Theatre at the Pittsburgh Playhouse , and where should I park ? PNC Theater is located at 350 Forbes Avenue , Pittsburgh PA 15222 , at the corner of Smithfield and Forbes . There is ample parking within 2 blocks of the venue at the following garages : Mellon Square Garage ( 500 Smithfield St. ) Oliver Garage ( 350 Oliver Ave off of Wood St ) Third Avenue Garage ( 238 Fourth Avenue ) Forbes Garage ( 413 Cherry Way ) All garages offer flat rates between $ 4- $ 6 after 4PM . Street parking is free after 6 PM . Pittsburgh Downtown Partnerships has a wonderful interactive map to find up to date parking info . Find parking map here . I have more questions ! We ’ d love to hear from you and offer any help we can ! Please email info @ chambermusicpittsburgh.org , call Chamber Music Pittsburgh at 412-626-6121 x1 , or call The Pittsburgh Playhouse Box Office at 412-392-8000 for all ticketing related questions . Escher Quartet with Jordan Bak October 21 , 2024 , 7:30PM A powerful collaboration between Bak ’ s “ haunting lyrical grace ” ( Gramophone ) and the Escher Quartet ’ s “ eloquent , full-blooded playing ” ( BBC Music Magazine ) Samuel Barber Quartet in B minor , Op 11 Florence Price Quartet No . 2 in A minor Johannes Brahms String Quintet in G Major , Op . 111 More Information Purchase Tickets Tommy Mesa and Michelle Cann January 20 , 2025 , 7:30PM Reimagining the chamber music canon for the 21st century , Cuban-American cellist Tommy Mesa pairs his charismatic style with Michelle Cann ’ s “ exquisite ” ( The Philadelphia Inquirer ) command of the piano . Nadia Boulanger 3 Pieces for Cello and Piano Andrea Casarrubios Mensajes del agua Claude Debussy Sonata in D minor Kevin Day Sonata for Cello and Piano Nikolai Kapustin Elegy Dmitri Shostakovich Cello Sonata in D minor , Op . 40 More Information Purchase Tickets Les Délices with Nicholas Phan February 24 , 2025 , 7:30PM Baroque-era instruments and new compositions collide to redefine the boundaries of early music , inspired by a traditional Chinese Confucian myth .