5-year contract extension Pittsburgh Opera celebrates Mary Cardwell Dawson and Black Opera in Pittsburgh Pittsburgh Opera to offer free childcare during La Traviata matinee Pittsburgh Opera announces its 86th Season Pittsburgh Opera announces first of its kind rideshare voucher program Pittsburgh Opera presents both old and new operas this winter Pittsburgh Opera presents beloved favorites , rare gems , and free concerts this fall Pittsburgh Opera announces new Board of Directors President and Members Pittsburgh Opera announces its 2023-24 Resident Artists Pittsburgh Opera 's 2023 Piano Sale is Aug. 24-27 Robert and Christine Pietrandrea commit $ 500,000 to sponsor Pittsburgh Opera productions Pittsburgh Opera presents two modern operas in May during international opera conference Emily Richter a Grand Finals Winner of Metropolitan Opera ’ s Laffont Competition Pittsburgh Opera presents two modern operas in May during international opera conference Close No Events EVENTS ‹ › Today Jump To : Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Pittsburgh Opera is very grateful for the generous contributions of many local , regional , and national foundations . Together , we share a commitment to creating a vibrant cultural environment and fostering community vitality in our region . Support from our foundation partners enables Pittsburgh Opera to present performances at the highest level of artistic excellence , engage diverse audiences with innovative education programs , and nurture future opera stars at the internationally-renowned Resident Artist Program . To learn more about what your foundation gift could provide to Pittsburgh Opera , email Julia Leyzarovich , Manager of Institutional Giving , or call her at 412-281-0912 , ext . 204 . Pittsburgh Opera thanks : Anonymous Allegheny Foundation AmazonSmile Foundation Claude Worthington Benedum Foundation The Benter Foundation The Frick Fund of the Buhl Foundation The Jack Buncher Foundation Alice M. Ditson Fund Eden Hall Foundation The Grable Foundation The Heinz Endowments The Hillman Foundation Milton G. Hulme Charitable Foundation The Ethel W. Keister Music Fund of the Pittsburgh Foundation The Ethel W. Keister Scholarship Endowment Frances Gould Lewando Memorial Fund G. Christian Lantzsch and Duquesne Light Fund Laurel Foundation Martha Mack Lewis Foundation Richard King Mellon Foundation The PNC Advisors Charitable Trust Committee W. I. Patterson Charitable Fund H.O . Peet Foundation Anna L. and Benjamin Perlow Fund Pauline Pickens Fund of The Pittsburgh Foundation The Charity Randall Foundation Ryan Memorial Foundation James M. and Lucy K. Schoonmaker Foundation Hilda M. Willis Foundation List updated as of April 2024 2425 LIBERTY AVE. PITTSBURGH , PA 15222 P. 412-281-0912 Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Instagram Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Contact Us Directions & Parking Auditions Employment Media Releases Privacy Policy Site Map Board Of Directors Login BUY TICKETS GIVE NOW SUBSCRIBE ©2024 PITTSBURGH OPERA