Antony Walker receives 5-year contract extension Pittsburgh Opera celebrates Mary Cardwell Dawson and Black Opera in Pittsburgh Pittsburgh Opera to offer free childcare during La Traviata matinee Pittsburgh Opera announces its 86th Season Pittsburgh Opera announces first of its kind rideshare voucher program Pittsburgh Opera presents both old and new operas this winter Pittsburgh Opera presents beloved favorites , rare gems , and free concerts this fall Pittsburgh Opera announces new Board of Directors President and Members Pittsburgh Opera announces its 2023-24 Resident Artists Pittsburgh Opera 's 2023 Piano Sale is Aug. 24-27 Robert and Christine Pietrandrea commit $ 500,000 to sponsor Pittsburgh Opera productions Pittsburgh Opera presents two modern operas in May during international opera conference Emily Richter a Grand Finals Winner of Metropolitan Opera ’ s Laffont Competition Pittsburgh Opera presents two modern operas in May during international opera conference Close No Events EVENTS ‹ › Today Jump To : Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec TOSCA Music by Giacomo Puccini Libretto by Luigi Illica and Giuseppe Giacosa • OCTOBER 5 , 8 , 11 , 13 , 2024 BUY TICKETS She lived for art . Would she die for love ? When painter Cavaradossi—the lover of Rome ’ s enchanting diva Floria Tosca—decides to harbor a fugitive of the law , he makes himself and his beloved Tosca a target of the corrupt Chief of Police , Baron Scarpia . Now it is up to Tosca to free both her lover and herself from Scarpia ’ s clutches by making a horrific bargain that will have consequences for them all . Puccini ’ s whirlwind political thriller packs high romance , dark motives , love , betrayal , murder , and intrigue all into a plot that unfolds over only 24 hours . See why Tosca is one of the most powerful operas ever written . These performances are sponsored in part by The Gailliot Fund . ( photo credit : David Bachman ) ( photo credit : David Bachman ) ( photo credit : David Bachman ) ( photo credit : David Bachman ) ( photo credit : David Bachman ) PERFORMANCE DATES/TIMES/LOCATION Where : Benedum Center , at the corner of 7th Street and Penn Ave , downtown Pittsburgh When : Saturday , October 5 , 2024 * 8:00 PM - ~10:35 PM ( approx . end time ) Tuesday , October 8 , 2024 * 7:00 PM- ~9:35 PM ( approx . end time ) Friday , October 11 , 2024 * 7:30 PM- ~10:05 PM ( approx . end time ) Sunday , October 13 , 2024 * 2:00 PM- ~4:35 PM ( approx . end time ) CAST AND ARTISTIC TEAM Floria Tosca : Ana María Martínez + Mario Cavaradossi : Jonathan Burton Baron Scarpia : Kyle Albertson Cesare Angelotti : Erik Nordstrom * + Spoletta : Fran Daniel Laucerica * Sacristan : Brian Kontes Sciarrone : Matthew Soibelman * + Shepherd boy : Shannon Crowley * + Jailer : J. Patrick McGill Conductor : Antony Walker Stage Director : Tara Faircloth + Set Designer : Keith Brumley Costume Designer : Andrew Marley Wig and Make-up Designer : James Geier Lighting Designer : Abigail Hoke-Brady Stage Manager : Cindy Knight Fight Director : Tonya R. Lynn Assistant Fight Director : Anne Ramatt Assistant Conductor : Glenn Lewis Chorus Master : Mark Trawka Associate Coach/Pianist : James Lesniak Resident Artist Pianist : Maeve Berry * Assistant Stage Director : Dana Kinney * Assistant Stage Managers : Bee Anderson , Tess Naval + Pittsburgh Opera debut * Pittsburgh Opera Resident Artist * * Pittsburgh Opera Resident Artist alumni SYNOPSIS ACT I. Cesare Angelotti , an escaped political prisoner , rushes into the church of Sant'Andrea della Valle to hide . As he slips into the Attavanti family chapel , a Sacristan shuffles in , praying at the sound of the afternoon bells . Painter Mario Cavaradossi enters to work on his portrait of Mary Magdalene . Looking at the portrait , he compares her blond beauty to that of his raven-haired lover , the singer Floria Tosca ( “ Recondita armonia ” ) . The Sacristan grumbles disapproval and leaves . Angelotti emerges from his hiding place and is recognized by his friend and fellow liberal Mario , who gives him food and hurries him back into the chapel as Tosca is heard calling outside . Tosca asks suspiciously why the doors to the church were locked and then reminds him of their rendezvous that evening at his villa ( “ Non la sospiri la nostra casetta ? ” ) . Suddenly recognizing the woman in the painting , Tosca is instantly jealous , but Mario reassures her ( “ Qual ’ occhio al mondo ” ) . When she has gone , Mario summons Angelotti from the chapel ; a cannon signals that the police have discovered the escape , so the two flee to Mario 's villa . Meanwhile , the Sacristan returns with the choir that is to sing a Te Deum that day . Their excitement is silenced by the entrance of Baron Scarpia , chief of the secret police , in search of Angelotti . When Tosca returns , Scarpia shows her a fan he found in Mario ’ s work space . Thinking Mario faithless , Tosca tearfully vows vengeance and leaves as the church fills with worshipers . Scarpia , sending his men to follow her to Angelotti , schemes to get the diva in his power ( “ Va , Tosca ! ” ) . ACT II . In the Farnese Palace , Scarpia anticipates the sadistic pleasure of bending Tosca to his will ( “ Ha più forte sapore ” ) . The spy Spoletta arrives . He has not found Angelotti , but has arrested Mario , and brings him in for Scarpia to interrogate while Tosca is heard singing a cantata at a royal gala downstairs . She enters just as her lover is being taken to an adjoining room ; he will be forced to confess under torture .