painter who died when Mona was still young . The uncanny resemblance unlocks long-buried memories that fuel the fires of three different possible endings . This world premiere opera from award-winning composer Jennifer Higdon ( Cold Mountain ) is inspired by a real-life art heist , and confronts the question “ what is the true value of a work of art ? ” This is an opera that needs to be seen at least twice ; each night of the production has the possibility of a completely new ending ! Commissioned by Opera Philadelphia . Funded in part by The Amphion Foundation , Inc . PERFORMANCE DATES/TIMES/LOCATION Where : The Bitz Opera Factory ( Pittsburgh Opera 's headquarters ) , 2425 Liberty Avenue , in Pittsburgh 's Strip District When : Saturday , April 26 , 2025 * 8:00 PM - ~9:15 PM ( approx . end time ) Tuesday , April 29 , 2025 * 7:00 PM - ~8:15 PM ( approx . end time ) Friday , May 2 , 2025 * 7:30 PM - ~8:45 PM ( approx . end time ) Sunday , May 4 , 2025 * 4:00 PM - ~5:15 PM ( approx . end time ) CAST AND ARTISTIC TEAM Mona : Meredith Arwady + Curator : Audrey Welsh * Thomas : Fran Daniel Laucerica * Momma : Lauryn Davis * Inspector : Matthew Soibelman * Conductor : Antony Walker ( April 26 , 29 , May 2 , 2025 ) Conductor : Glenn Lewis ( May 4 , 2025 ) Stage Director : Kristine McIntyre Set Designer : Luke Cantarella Costume Designer : Nancy Julian Wig and Make-up Designer : TBA Lighting Designer : Todd Nonn Stage Manager : Tess Naval Director of Musical Studies : Mark Trawka Associate Coach/Pianist : James Lesniak Resident Artist Pianist / Supertitle Caller : Maeve Berry * Assistant Stage Director : Dana Kinney * + Pittsburgh Opera debut * Pittsburgh Opera Resident Artist * * Pittsburgh Opera Resident Artist alumni SYNOPSIS Seven priceless paintings have been stolen from the walls of a museum in the dead of the night . The police , the media , and the museum ’ s curator are desperate to find the culprit . In hopes of avoiding police detection , the thief ( Thomas ) has carelessly stuffed the stolen masterworks in a suitcase and abandoned them with his unsuspecting his Mother , Mona . In her son ’ s absence , the reclusive Mona investigates the contents of the suitcase discovering both the severity of her son ’ s crime as well as the innate beauty of each masterpiece . One painting in particular ( Lucian Freud ’ s WOMAN WITH EYES CLOSED ) awakens something deep inside Mona , shaking her to the very core . The painting bears astriking resemblance to Mona ’ s Mother , an amateur artist who died when Mona was child . The circumstances surrounding her Mother ’ s death have reverberated throughout Mona ’ s life . The police investigation continues to escalate , bringing an Inspector to Mona ’ s front door . Though Mona lies to the Inspector , successfully sending him on his way , she also knows that her flimsy deception is merely a temporary fix . The police already have evidence connecting Thomas to the crime . It ’ s a matter of time before he is apprehended . Mona must act quickly . Night falls . Mona sleeps . As she dreams , the Freud painting comes to life . Inside a liminal state , Mona and her Mother briefly reunite . Inside this memory , the two women examine the past . They navigate the pain and compromise of a life half-lived , a life starved for color , expression , and connection . Together , they unearth the past trauma that continues to define Mona ’ s future . With the dawn comes many burning questions : Can Mona save her son , save herself and save these priceless paintings whilesimultaneously preserving the memory of her Mother ? WOMAN WITH EYES CLOSED is a new opera about creation , destruction and the art of letting go . - courtesy of the creators DETAILS & RESOURCES We want you to have the best experience possible at our performances ! Here are some details and resources to help . Also visit our Opera FAQs or our Accessibility page . Run time : 75 min Understand Every Word : Understand Every Word : Woman with Eyes Closed is sung in English , with English supertitles are projected above the stage Braille Programs available Large-Print Programs available CHILD POLICY : Children must be ages 6 and up . Suggestions and tips for bringing children to the opera may be found at pittsburghopera.org/FAQ . All children must have a ticket . There is a 50 % discount for kids and teens ages 6-18 . 2425 LIBERTY AVE. PITTSBURGH , PA 15222 P. 412-281-0912 Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Instagram Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Contact Us Directions & Parking Auditions Employment Media Releases Privacy Policy Site Map Board Of Directors Login BUY TICKETS GIVE NOW SUBSCRIBE ©2024 PITTSBURGH OPERA