tour with advance notice . Best Of The Burgh Tour Oct 9 , 2024 - Dec 31 , 2024 | 11:00 am - 1:00 pm Walk the Burgh Tours 1049 Penn Avenue Pittsburgh , PA 15212 EVENT WEBSITE Join Walk the Burgh Tours and explore the heart of Downtown in a small group setting with an expert local guide . Walk past and through must-see cultural and historical landmarks as well as iconic buildings ! Discover beautiful squares and fascinating pieces of public art ! Your guide will highlight the Best of the Burgh but also point out unseen details and hidden gems . Walking down major avenues as well as turning into small alleyways will give you a great introduction to the very unique city of Pittsburgh . Beauty of the Burgh Tour Aug 1 , 2024 - Dec 31 , 2024 | 10:00 am - 1:00 pm Bike The Burgh Tours EVENT WEBSITE This tour is perfect if you are new to the city and you would like to see the most interesting spots of Pittsburgh . But if you know the Burgh already , we promise you that you will still find out unknown historical facts ! Our `` Best of '' : On this tour we will cruise through the streets of the financial and cultural district , explore the Strip District and check out the North Shore . We will find some details that some of you all drove and walked by hundreds of time but probably never really noticed . We will dive into the history of Pittsburgh , tracking down the people who shaped this city to what it is today : a beauty . Old and new buildings , city squares and public art will turn this ride into a unique event full of exciting ( re ) discoveries of The Burgh . A fun QUIZ will be part of this tour , too . The winner will be rewarded with a 30 % discount at the next tour ! Participants of this tour will also get a souvenir . We are pleased to also offer this tour in Spanish . Please email tours @ biketheburgh.com at least 2 weeks in advance to ensure that the Spanish tour is available . MJ the Musical Nov 19 , 2024 - Dec 1 , 2024 Benedum Center 7th St and Penn Ave Pittsburgh , PA 15222 EVENT WEBSITE Created by Tony Award®-winning Director/Choreographer Christopher Wheeldon and two-time Pulitzer Prize winner Lynn Nottage , MJ goes beyond the singular moves and signature sound of the star , offering a rare look at the creative mind and collaborative spirit that catapulted Michael Jackson into legendary status . MJ is startin ’ somethin ’ as it makes its Pittsburgh premiere at the Benedum Center Roger Jacoby : Pittsburgh Stories Oct 25 , 2024 - Jan 5 , 2025 Wood Street Galleries 601 Wood St Pittsburgh , PA 15222 EVENT WEBSITE Wood Street Galleries is pleased to present the world premiere of three newly restored experimental films by Roger Jacoby ( b . New York , 1944–1985 ) , a pivotal figure bridging the pre- and post-liberation eras of gay experimental filmmaking . This exhibition is the inaugural project in a series of exhibitions and programs dedicated to historic artists who have created significant work in , about , or influenced by the city of Pittsburgh , specifically in the field of time-based or experimental media . Roger Jacoby 's career as a filmmaker spanned from 1972 until his untimely death from AIDS in 1985 , during which he completed eight films—all produced in Pittsburgh . Originally trained as a painter and classical pianist , Jacoby 's artistic journey took a transformative turn through his work as a gallery assistant for his aunt , Rose Fried . This role introduced him to New York ’ s vibrant artistic circles , including Andy Warhol ’ s Factory , where he met his long-time partner , the Warhol Superstar Ondine . Encouraged by filmmaker Marie Menken , who gifted him his first film camera , Jacoby began experimenting with film around 1970 . Seeking a change in environment , he and Ondine relocated to Pittsburgh in 1972 , where Jacoby found a job playing piano for silent films at the Carnegie Museum of Art . There , he connected with Sally Dixon , the museum ’ s pioneering Film Department founder , who introduced him to the Pittsburgh Filmmakers , then based at the Selma Burke Art Center , a key gathering place for local artists . Jacoby ’ s approach to filmmaking was both practical and deeply personal . He began processing his film footage in his own bathroom , using his bathtub as a makeshift darkroom . Even after receiving a National Endowment for the Arts grant in 1972 to acquire more advanced equipment , Jacoby continued hand-processing his films , embracing the unique , handcrafted qualities that became the hallmark of his work . Over the past three years , The Berkely Art Museum and Pacific Film Archive have meticulously transferred and restored a selection of Jacoby 's early films , with support from the Avant-Garde Masters Grants awarded by The Film Foundation and the National Film Preservation Foundation . On view at Wood Street Galleries from October 2024 through January 2025 are Dream Sphinx Opera ( 1973 ) and L ’ Amico Fried ’ s Glamorous Friends ( 1976 ) , which showcase Jacoby 's innovative use of hand-processing techniques to manipulate film emulsion , resulting in striking abstract imagery . These films feature appearances by Sally Dixon and Ondine , along with other members of Pittsburgh 's art and film communities , set against backdrops that include Phipps Conservatory , Carnegie Music Hall , the Carnegie Museum of Natural History , and various domestic spaces , including Jacoby ’ s own apartment on Walnut Street in Shadyside . Also on view will be How to Be a Homosexual Part I ( 1980 ) , in which Jacoby turns his camera on his own community .