amusement shall not include real property rented for camping purposes . The term amusements shall not include membership dues , fees or assessments paid by patrons to engage in activities , the predominant purpose or nature of which is exercise , fitness , health maintenance , improvement or rehabilitation , heath or nutriti on education , or weight control . However , the patron must participate in this health related activity to qualify for the exemption . The term amusements shall not include membership dues , fees or assessments of charitable , religious , beneficial or nonprofit organizations paid by patrons , such as sportsmen , recreational , golf or tennis clubs . Local Tax Enabling Act , 53 P.S . § 6924.301 . 1 ( f ) . 6 5 . The term amusement shall not include any activity that the City is prohibited from taxing by reason of the U S Constitution , federal law , or laws of the Commonwealth . Should any Producer claim that any amusement is exempt from the tax under this su bsection , the Producer shall note the exemption on its filed return and provide a reference to the governing law . EXEMPT PERFORMING ARTS PRODUCTION – a Performing Arts event where the Producer is an Institution of Purely Public Charity and the proceeds , n et of reasonable expense s , inure exclusively to the Institu tions of Purely Public Charity . This exemption began in 2008 . This exemption may expire , if the Nonresident Sports Faci lity Usage Fee , imposed under Title Two , Article X , Chapter 271 of the Code and the Local Tax Enabling Act , 53 P.S . § 6924.304 , is determined to be invalid or not possible to be collected . If the Usage Fee were determined to be invalid or not possible to be collected , the tax rate on Exempt Performing Arts Productions shall be the same rate as imposed on other amusements , but shall not exceed five percent . Second Class County Code , 16 P.S . § 6171 -B ( a ) ( 3.1 ) . Producers should consult the City Finance website to determine if the tax rate on Exempt Performing Arts Productions has changed . INSTITUTION OF PURELY PUBLIC CHARITY – an organization that qualifies for tax exemption pursuant to “ Institutions of Purely Public Charity Ac t ” . 10 P.S . § 371 . Generally , the charity must show that it has a Pennsy lvania sales tax exemption to qualify as an Institution of Purely Public charity . 10 P.S . § 376 ( a ) . PATRON – anyone participating in the privilege of engaging in an amusement . ( Ord . 15- 1979 , eff . 5-29-79 ) PERFORMING ARTS – Artistic performances of live concerts , dance , ballet , opera , traditional forms of drama , including both comedy and tragedy , repertoire works and dramatic recitation of recognized works of literary art of the kind and in the nature normally associated with traditional and contemporary American The ater . Movies and re- broadcast events are not considered Performing Arts because the event is not live . PERSON - A corporation , partnership , business trust , association , estate , trust , foundation or natural person . Whenever used in any provision prescribing a fine or penalty the word “ person ” as applied to partnerships , shall mean the partners thereof , and as applied to corporations and unincorporated associations , shall mean the officers thereof . PLACE OF AMUSEMENT – any place indoors or outdoors within the City where the general public or a limited or selected number thereof may , upon payment of an established price , attend or engage in any amusement as herein defined , including among others , theaters , opera houses , moving picture houses , amusement parks , skating rinks , circus or carnival tents or grounds , fairgrounds , social sporting , athletic riding , gun and country clubs , golf courses bathing and swimming places , dance halls , tennis courts , rifle or shotgun ranges , roof gardens , cabarets , night clubs , bars , breweries , restaurants and other like places . ( Ord . 11 -1980 , eff . 7 -25-80 ) . To be an amusement , the amusement must be offered to patrons at a place of amusement . The location does not have to be owned or licensed to the Producer to be a place of amusement . The common phrases used to describe an amusement and a place of 7 amusement change over time , but that change in common parlance does not affect the taxability of the amusement . Specifically included within the term of “ places of amusement ” are : cabarets , night clubs , roof gardens , lounges , entertainment stages , music or dancing halls , ball rooms , or other locations offering food or beverages or merchandise along with entertainment or recreation , as well as other loc ations that were taxable under Section 4231 of the US Internal Revenue Code of 1954 ( ignoring any exemptions or exclusions offered under that federal statute ) as it was in effect immediately prior to its repeal by Public Law 89 - 44 in 1965 . PRODUCER – any person conducting any place of amusement , as herein defined , where the general public or a limited or selected number thereof , may , upon the payment of an established price , attend or engage in any amusement .