of an amusement that is mobile or located outdoors , an amusement is located in the City limits if the event either begins or ends within the City limits . By way of example , but not intended as comprehensive definition of amusement , a restaurant , bar , taver n , pub , lounge , motel , or hotel is not a place of amusement if it merely offers incidental recorded music or TV broadcasts to patrons . A restaurant , bar , tavern , pub , lounge , motel , or hotel is a place of amusement if it offers entertainment such as music , dance , performing arts , sing -alongs , or comedy routines , or restricted sporting events not available on broadcast TV , such as title boxing matches , to patrons . ESTABLISHED PRICE - regular monetary charge of any character , including donations and contributions , fixed and exacted or in any manner received by Producers , as herein defined , from the general public or a limited or selected number thereof , directly or indirectly , for the privilege of attending or engaging in any amusement , provided that ; 1 . When amusement is conducted in any roof garden , night club , cabaret , bar , brewery , restaurant or other place where the charge for admission , wholly or in part , is included in the price paid for refreshment , service or merchandise , the amount paid for admission to the amusement shall be deemed to be ten ( 10 % ) percent of the amount paid for refreshment , service and merchandise ; 2 . When amusement is conducted at a social club or fraternal organization which also furnishes entertainment for which a separate charge is not made , the established price shall be fifty ( 50 % ) percent of the gross receipts ; 5 3 . Where admission to any amusement sponsored by an Institution of Purely Public Charity is obtained , solely or partly by donation , contribution and other charge , if member s of the general public are admitted and the amusement is not an Exempt Amusement , the established price for amusement for purposes of the tax shall be twenty -five ( 25 % ) percent of the total donation , contribution and other monetary charge . 4 . Separately stated c harges for the renta l of tangible personal property , where such charges reflect market pricing for such rentals , such as the rental of sports equipment by a Producer offering recreation , are not part of the Established Price and are not subject to Amusement Tax . If the Producer collects sales tax from the patron for the rental , such will establish that the rental price reflects market pricing . EXEMPT AMUSEMENTS 1 . The term amusement shall not include private affairs sponsored by nonprofit organizations for members and their guests at which the admission charges or contribution approximate the expenses and the net proceeds , net of reasonable expenses , inure exclusively to benefit the nonprofit organization . However , if members of the gener al public are invited to the private affair , the event is not an Exempt Amusement , unless the event qualifies as an Exempt Performing Arts Production . See Section 201 ( c ) . 2 . The term amusement shall not include an Exempt Performing Arts Production . 3 . The term amusement shall not include admissions to places of amusement where the primary purpose of the admission or event is to provide scientific , historical , or educational material to the patron so long as no material entertainment or recreation is provided . Admission charges to lectures of a scientific , historical or educational nature , such as continuing education courses , when such lectures are produced or conducted by nonprofit associations or clubs are not subject to the tax . However , admissio n fees to places that provide food or drink , including alcoholic beverages , but do not otherwise provide entertainment or recreation , are not Exempt Amusements if the primary purpose of the event is to market or showcase one or more commercial product s , even if ancillary historical , scientific or educational material also is provided to the patron . Admission fees to tasting events that offer food or drink , but do not offer entertainment or recreation , are Exempt Amusements if the Producer collect s sales or drink taxes from the patron based on the admission charge or contribution . 4 . The term amusement shall not include any admission fee or charge paid for the sale of admission to or for the privilege of admission to a bowling alley or bowling lane to engag e in one or more games of bowling . The term amusement shall not include real property rented for camping purposes . The term amusements shall not include membership dues , fees or assessments paid by patrons to engage in activities , the predominant purpose or nature of which is exercise , fitness , health maintenance , improvement or rehabilitation , heath or nutriti on education , or weight control . However , the patron must participate in this health related activity to qualify for the exemption . The term amusements shall not include membership dues , fees or assessments of charitable , religious , beneficial or nonprofit organizations paid by patrons , such as sportsmen , recreational , golf or tennis clubs . Local Tax Enabling Act , 53 P.S . ยง 6924.301 . 1 ( f ) . 6 5 . The term amusement shall not include any activity that the City is prohibited from taxing by reason of the U S Constitution , federal law , or laws of the Commonwealth . Should any Producer claim that any amusement is exempt from the tax under this su bsection , the Producer shall note the exemption on its filed return and provide a reference to the governing law .