later . 2 . In the case of a deficiency assessment , within three ( 3 ) years after the assessment has been made . b . The limitations set forth in paragraph ( a ) should not prevent the institution of a suit for the collection of any tax due or determined to be due in the following cases : 1 . When no return was filed , there is no limitation . 2 . When the return is fraudulent , there is no limitation . 3 . When there is an understatement of tax liability of twenty -five percent ( 25 % ) or more , and not due to fraud , suit must begin within six ( 6 ) years . c. Deficiency assessments ( i.e. , where taxpayer has filed a return in good faith but is found to owe additional tax ) shall include taxes for three ( 3 ) years prior to the date when the deficiency is assessed . Where no return was filed , there shall be no limit to the period of assessment . A return filed before the due date is deemed to be filed on the due date . -12- SECTION 504 – PENALTY AND INTEREST a . If for any reason the Local Services Tax is not paid when due , interest at the rate of twelve percent ( 12 % ) per annum on the amount of tax and an additional penalty of five percent ( 5 % ) per month for each month or fraction of a month during the perio d in which the tax remains unpaid shall be added to the tax . 53 P.S . § 6924.706 . The penalty shall not exceed fifty percent ( 50 % ) . In no event shall the interest rate assessed exceed the maximum rate allowed by the Municipal Claims and Tax Liens Act , 53 P. S. § 7143 , or applicable law . b . Penalty and Interest on Deficiency Assessment . On any additional tax determined to be due as a result of a deficiency assessment , penalty and interest will be assessed from the day the tax should have been paid to the date of payment . Penalty and interest is calculated as described in paragraph ( a ) above . Where suit is brought for the recovery of such tax , the person liable therefore shall , in addition , be liable for the costs of collection and the interest and penalties he rein imposed . A person ’ s belief that no tax is due and owing , or the failure of any person to receive or obtain the forms required for making the returns required under the City Code , Chapter 211 , is not a valid defense to the imposition of penalties her ein for violation . Good faith shall not be a defense to the imposition of penalty . SECTION 505 – FINES AND PENALTIES FOR VIOLATION OF APPLICABLE PROVISIONS OF TITLE TWO , PITTSBURGH CODE a . Violations – No person shall : 1 . Fail , neglect , or refuse to make any d eclaration or file a return required under the City Code ; 2 . Refuse to permit the Treasurer or his/her designee to examine the books , records or accounts of any business , taxable or otherwise , to determine liability ; 3 . Make any incomplete , false or fraudulent return or attempt to do anything to avoid full disclosure of the amount of tax due to avoid payment in whole or in part , of the Local Services Tax ; 4 . Divulge information , which is confidential under Chapter 201.06 of the Code ; or 5 . Fail to make any payment when it is due . b . Fines 1 . When a person has been adjudged in violation of the applicable provisions by a member of the minor judiciary , the person shall be fined not more than five hundred ( $ 500.00 ) dollars and costs for each offense , and in default of payment thereof may be impris oned for not more than fifty ( 50 ) days . 2 . The fines imposed under this Section shall be in addition to any other relief granted to the City of a monetary nature under the provisions of this Article . 3 . Each and every day that the violation continues shall constitute a separate offense for which a fine can be imposed . -13- SECTION 506 – INSTALLMENT PAYMENT PLAN FOR ANY DEFICIENCY In the appropriate circumstances , the Treasurer will enter an insta llment payment plan and defer further collection action , if the taxpayer enters into a written agreement with the Treasurer . The Treasurer will approve installment payment plans only if such a plan is in the best interests of the City . The taxpayer must sp ecifically request the installment payment plan from the Treasurer . For the required terms of any installment plan See , Second Class City Treasurer ’ s Sale and Collection Act , 53 P.S . § 27207 and Local Taxpayer Bill of Rights , 53 Pa.C.S . § 8436 . If the taxp ayer fails to abide by the terms of the installment payment plan , the Treasurer may demand immediate payment of tax , penalty and interest . ARTICLE VI TAXPAYER REMEDIES SECTION 601 – TREASURER ’ S HEARING Any taxpayer aggrieved by an assessment by the Treasurer shall , within ninety ( 90 ) days after the date of notice of the assessment , request a Treasurer ’ s Hearing on a form obtained from the Treasurer for that purpose . 53 Pa.C.S . § 8431 . The Treasurer may on his/her own initiative cite a taxpayer for a hearing . a .