09 ) : July 1 thru September 30 ( due October 31 ) FOURTH QUARTER ( 12 ) : October 1 thru December 31 ( due January 31 ) d. Any employer , who discontinues business or ceases operation before December 31 of the current tax year , shall within fifteen ( 15 ) days after discontinuing business or ceasing operation , file the return hereinabove required and pay the tax to the Treasurer . e. The failure of any employer to deduct the tax shall not relieve the employee from the duty to file a return and pay the tax . The employee must first contact the City of Pittsburgh Finance Department at 412-255-2510 then file an LS -3 form . No employer shall be held liable for failure to withhold the Local Services Tax to a political subdivision if the failure to withhold taxes arises from incorrect information submitted by the employee as to the employee ’ s place or places of employmen t. Any employer who fails to deduct the tax as required by this section , or who fails to pay the tax to the Treasurer , shall be liable for such tax in full . -8- As to employees who present official receipts evidencing prior payment of the tax either directly or by collection through other employers in Pennsylvania , the employer shall not deduct the tax but shall maintain adequate records concerning the employees . f. The employer must list on the employee ’ s pay stub how much was withheld and list the municipality it was paid to . List PITTSBURGH as “ PGH ” . g. Upfront Exemption . Employers are required to discontinue withholding the LST if an employee provides an exemption certificate showing that he has earned income and/or net profits of less than $ 12,000 . The exemption certificate must verify that the employee reasonably expec ts to receive earned income and/or net profits of less than $ 12,000 from all sources within the City for the calendar year for which the exemption certificate is filed . A copy of the employee ’ s final pay stubs or W -2 forms from employment within Pittsburgh for the year prior to the calendar year for which the employee is requesting an exemption must be attached to the exemption certificate . Employers must make upfront exemption forms readily available to employees at all times and provide new employees with the forms at the time of hiring . Employers are relieved of liability due to incorrect information on the exemption certificate completed by the employee . Employers are only required to withhold the LST on a payroll period basis for those payroll periods i n which the taxpayer is employed . However , when two or more employers employ a taxpayer in a payroll period , an employer is not required to withhold the LST if the taxpayer provides a pay stub from his/her principal employer accompanied by an employee stat ement of principal employment that the pay stub is from the taxpayer ’ s principal employer and that the taxpayer will notify the employer of any change in employment . Employers are relieved of liability for the tax if they fail to withhold the tax due to incorrect information provided by the taxpayer regarding the taxpayer ’ s principal employer . h. Military Exemption . Employers must exempt from the LST : ( 1 ) members of a reserve component of the armed forces called to active duty and ( 2 ) honorably discha rged veterans who served in any war or armed conflict who are blind , paraplegic , or a double or quadruple amputee as a result of military service or who are 100 % disabled from a service -connected disability . i . Restoration of Withholding . Employers must “ rest art ” withholding the LST from an employee who files an exemption certificate in the following circumstances :  If instructed to do so by the political subdivision levying the LST ;  If notified by the employee that he is no longer eligible for the exemption ; or  If the employer pays the employee $ 12,000 or more for the calendar year . Employers “ restart ” withholding of the LST by withholding ( 1 ) a “ catch -up ” lump sum equal to the amount of tax that was not withheld from the employee as a result of the exemption ; and ( 2 ) the same amount per payroll period that is withheld from other employees . j . The employer must attach a summary on a CD or hard copy with the fourth quarter payment listing the following information :  Employer ’ s name , address in Pittsburgh , Federal ID number , and the employer ’ s City account number . -9-  The summary must include an employee ’ s name , Social Security number , wages , address and the amount of Local Service Tax withheld and paid to Pittsburgh for the complete calendar year .  Please see the LST tax form at www.city.pittsburgh.pa.us/finance for the format to use on CD .  Concurrent Employment . If a taxpayer has two or more jobs in different political subdivisions during a payroll period , the priority of claim to collect the LST is as follows : 1 . Where the taxpayer maintains his principal office or is principally employed ; 2 . Where the taxpayer resides and works ; and 3 . Where the taxpayer is employed that is nearest in miles to the taxpayer ’ s home . k. If any employer fails or refuses to pay over to the Treasurer any tax required to be withheld under this section by the due date , a penalty of 5 % for every month or fraction thereof that the tax remains unpaid shall be added and collected , the penalty is c apped at 50 % .