keep such records as will enable the filing of true and accurate returns of the tax and such records shall be preserved for a period of not less than five ( 5 ) years from the filing date or due date whichever is later in order to enable the Treasurer to verify the correctness of the declarations or returns filed . § 505 . AUDITS . If , as a result of an examination conducted by the Treasurer , a return is found to be incorrect , the Treasurer is authorized to assess and collect any underpayments of the Parking Tax . If no return has been filed and a tax is found to be due , the tax actually due may be assessed and collected with or without the formality of obtaining a return from the operator or provider . Deficiency assessments ( i.e. , where operator or provider has filed a return but is found to owe additional tax ) must include records for up to five ( 5 ) years prior to the date when the deficiency is assessed . Where no return was filed , there will be no limit to the period of assessment . Any assessment will be issued in accordance with 53 Pa.C.S . § 8427 ( a ) If records are not available in the City to support the returns which were filed or which should have been filed , the taxpayer will be required to make them available to the Treasurer either by producing them in a City location or by paying for the expenses incurred by the Treasurer in traveling to the place where -21- the records are regularly kept . ( b ) A taxpayer or employer has 30 days from the mailing date to respond to written requests for information from the City or its agents , unless an extension of time is granted in accordance with 53 Pa.C.S . § 8424 . ( c ) Any information gained by the Treasurer , by designated agents , or by any other official or agent of the City , as a result of any declarations , returns , investigations , hearings or verifications required or authorized by the Code , shall be confidential except for official purposes , and shall not be released except in accordance with a proper judicial order , or as otherwise provided by law . 53 Pa.C.S . § 8437 . -22- ARTICLE 6 : VIOLATIONS § 601 . REMEDIES NOT MUTUALLY EXCLUSIVE . The remedies provided in this Article are not mutually exclusive . The utilization by the Treasurer of one or more remedies does not preclude utilization another . Moreover , use of any or all of the remedies provided in these Sections does not preclude the use by the City of any other legal or administrative procedure which can bring about compliance by the operator with the provisions of the Code and these Regulations . Once it has been determined that that a taxpayer owes a tax , the Treasurer will take all actions legally permitted to enforce its claim . Such action may include obtaining additional information , auditing taxpayer records , entering into a settlement of the disputed amount of the tax , or obtaining liens on the taxpayer ’ s property , wage attachments , levies , and seizures and sales of the taxpayer ’ s property in appropriate circumstances . The Treasurer may enter into a written agreement with the taxpayer for payment of the tax in installments if the Treasurer believes that such an agreement will facilitate collection . The Treasurer may also impose interest and applicable penalties on the tax due , and may seek criminal charges in appropriate circumstances . See , Local Tax Enabling Act , 53 P.S . § 6924.702 . § 602 . PENALTY AND INTEREST . ( a ) If for any reason the Parking Tax is not paid in whole or in part when due , a penalty at the rate of five percent ( 5 % ) per month of the amount of the Parking Tax will be added and collected as penalty for every month or fraction thereof during the time the Parking Tax goes unpaid , such penalty not to exceed fifty percent ( 50 % ) . Once due and owing , penalty becomes part of the Parking Tax . ( b ) In addition to the penalty , interest of one percent ( 1 % ) for every month or fraction thereof will be added to the delinquent tax balance which will continue to accrue until the full payment of the tax principal is made . In no event shall the interest rate assessed exceed the maximum rate allowed by the Municipal Claims and Tax Liens Act , 53 P.S . 7143 , or applic able law . ( c ) On any additional Parking Fee determined to be due as a result of a deficiency notice , penalty and interest will be assessed from the day the Parking Tax should have been paid to the date of payment . Penalty and interests are calculated in Section 602 ( a ) and 602 ( b ) , respectively . ( d ) Where suit is brought for the recovery of the Parking Tax , the person liable therefor shall , in addition , be liable for the costs of collection , penalties , and interest herein imposed . ( e ) A person ’ s belief that no Parking Tax is due and owing , or the failure of any person to receive or obtain the forms required for making the returns required by the Code is not a valid defense to the imposition of penalties for violation herein . Good faith shall not be a defense to the imposition of penalty . -23- § 603 . VIOLATIONS AND FINES . ( a ) Violations . No person shall violate any provisions of the City Code including , but not limited to any violation under Title Seven , Art . VII Section 763 or Title Five , Art .