Total Payment For example , where the tax rate is 37.5 % : $ 1,000.00 + $ 375.00 = $ 1,375.00 $ 1,550.00 + $ 581.25 = $ 2,131.25 ( d ) Calculation of total payment where there is a surcharge . The following method shall be used to compute the total payment collected by the operator and paid by the patron when a surcharge is imposed , whether the tax total is taken from individual cash register tapes or where individual collections are not kept for each ticket . The parking tax will be applied to the sum of the base parking fee and the surcharge . The rate of tax is defined above and will be applied as follows : -11- ( Base Fee + Surcharge ) + Tax Rate ( Base Fee + Surcharge ) = Total Payment For example , where the tax rate is 37.5 % and the surcharge is $ 10 : ( $ 1,000.00 + $ 10.00 ) + $ 378.75 = $ 1,388.75 ( $ 1,550.00 + $ 10.00 ) + $ 585.00 = $ 2,145.00 ยง 302 . COLLECTION OF TAX . ( a ) Collection by operator or provider . A tax for general revenue purposes is imposed upon each patron entering into a parking transaction , at the specified rate of the consideration for each such transaction , which tax shall be collected by the operator from the patron , and shall be paid over to the Treasurer as set forth in Chapter 253 of the Pittsburgh Code . ( b ) Creation of a trust . All taxes collected by any operator in accordance with the Pittsburgh Code , Chapter 253 shall constitute a trust fund for the benefit of the City and such trust shall be enforceable against the operator and any person receiving any part of such fund without consideration , or with knowledge that the operator is committing a breach of trust ; provided however , that any person receiving payment of a lawful obligation of the operator from such fund shall be presumed to have received the same in good faith and without any knowledge of the breach of trust . ( c ) Liability of the operator . Any operator or provider required under the Pittsburgh Code , Chapter 253 to collect tax from a patron , who shall fail to collect the tax , shall be liable for the tax upon the full consideration received from the patron or on his/her behalf . ยง 303 . RETURN FORMS . ( a ) Each operator , on forms prescribed by the Treasurer , shall file by the fifteenth day of each month , returns for the preceding month showing the consideration received with respect to each parking place during the preceding month together with the amount of tax due and collected thereon . Any operator with more than one parking place shall file a separate return for each individual parking place . At the time of filing the return , the operator shall pay to the Treasurer all tax due and collected for the period to which the return applies . ( b ) Information required . Operators shall provide all information as required to complete the return and the Pittsburgh Parking Tax Daily Report , as prescribed by the Treasurer , including but not limited to , the following information : ( 1 ) Total consideration received for each category of parking . Categories should include , but are not limited to , hourly , daily , evening , event , weekly , monthly , lease and prepaid amounts ; ( 2 ) Beginning and ending ticket numbers and serial numbers for leases for each category shall be indicated beside the day of reported activity ; and ( 3 ) The amount of tax due . -12- ( c ) Missing Tickets . Whenever any tickets or ticket stubs issued during the preceding month are missing or unaccounted for at the time of filing the return the operator must report on a form prescribed by the Treasurer , the number of missing or unaccounted for tickets from the preceding month and shall pay to the Treasurer , by the fifteenth day of the subsequent month , a fee equal to the maximum daily rate for each ticket that is missing or unaccounted for from the preceding month . ( d ) Adjustments . All adjustments must include a full , detailed explanation showing the adjusted amounts , the reason for the adjustment , the category of parking , and the period in which the collections were originally reported . The explanation must include a clear indication of the amount of any Parking Tax collected from the patron and proof the Tax was subsequently refunded to the patron . An amended return for the adjusted period may be required . ( e ) Forms for returns may be obtained from , and shall be filed with : TREASURER , CITY OF PITTSBURGH DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE 414 GRANT ST RM 206 PITTSBURGH PA 15219 ( f ) Failure to obtain or receive the necessary forms will not excuse the agent for failure to file a return and pay the tax due and collected in a timely manner . ( g ) Signature required . Where an operator is an individual , he must personally sign the return ; if a partnership or association , a signature of one general partner or member is required ; if a corporation , the return must be signed by the officer of the corporation authorized to file tax returns . ( h ) If an operator has more than one parking lot or garage , each place of operation must be registered with the Department of Finance , Parking Tax Division , and a return for each individual place of operation is required to be filed with the data to each , separately reported for every month and part thereof of said activity . ( i ) Failure to complete the forms as required .