( e ) Forms for returns may be obtained from , and shall be filed with : TREASURER , CITY OF PITTSBURGH DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE 414 GRANT ST RM 206 PITTSBURGH PA 15219 ( f ) Failure to obtain or receive the necessary forms will not excuse the agent for failure to file a return and pay the tax due and collected in a timely manner . ( g ) Signature required . Where an operator is an individual , he must personally sign the return ; if a partnership or association , a signature of one general partner or member is required ; if a corporation , the return must be signed by the officer of the corporation authorized to file tax returns . ( h ) If an operator has more than one parking lot or garage , each place of operation must be registered with the Department of Finance , Parking Tax Division , and a return for each individual place of operation is required to be filed with the data to each , separately reported for every month and part thereof of said activity . ( i ) Failure to complete the forms as required . A return will not be considered filed unless the operator complies with all of the above provisions pertaining to filing of returns and includes all of the information requested on the prescribed forms . Any return not complying with all of the requirements prescribed by this Chapter will be considered a non-compliance violation and deemed incomplete . § 304 . PAYMENT OF TAX . Each operator , on forms prescribed by the Treasurer , shall file by the fifteenth day of each month , returns for the preceding month ’ s transactions and shall include the payment of the tax due and collected . Checks shall be made payable to : TREASURER , CITY OF PITTSBURGH . Cash payments MUST be made to the Financial Control office located on the first floor of the City County Building along with the appropriate tax reporting -13- documents . § 305 . ACCEPTANCE OF TAX RETURN . ( a ) Acceptance of the return filed by the operator/agent and/or negotiation by the Treasurer of the payment tendered therewith does not constitute a final acceptance by the Treasurer of the accuracy or completeness of the self - assessed return and tax payment . The Treasurer may also elect to treat any such filing and/ or payment as a partial disposition of the operator/agent ’ s liability . ( b ) The Treasurer , or any agent designated by him/her , reserves the right to make spot checks of returns filed , to make such corrections as appear necessary upon the face of the return , to submit additional billings or request additional information , and to make refunds or credits based on the self-assessed returns without accepting as final any document or payment arising from such cursory examination . ( c ) All returns filed , payments negotiated , credits applied or refunds remitted are conditional . Acceptance is final only after a duly approved audit or by operation of law . -14- ARTICLE 4 : RECORDS AND COMPLIANCE § 401 . GENERAL REQUIREMENTS . ( a ) Information required . In general , each operator shall maintain , separately with respect to each parking place , complete and accurate records of all transactions , reflecting the total amount of consideration received from all transactions and the total amount of tax collected on the basis of such consideration . Records to be kept shall consist of , but are not limited to : ( 1 ) License for current period ; ( 2 ) Maximum number of vehicles for each parking place ; ( 3 ) Rates for each category of transaction shall appear on the registration form and the operator shall provide the Treasurer written notification of any changes in such rates by way of written notification ; ( 4 ) Part of each serial numbered ticket used at each parking place issued to each vehicle to show parking period and time charges thereof and copies of all leases or contracts or agreements reserving parking spaces ; ( 5 ) Number and serial numbers of parking tickets or contracts on hand when each parking facility and/or new facility operator is registered to do business and at the beginning of each month of operation . This shall include complete and accurate records including copies of the printer ’ s manifest of tickets purchased for or assigned for use in each parking place ; ( 6 ) Number and serial numbers of leases or contracts on hand when each parking facility and/or new facility operator is registered to do business and at the beginning of each month of operation . This shall include complete and accurate records including copies of the printer ’ s manifest of all leases or contracts purchased for or assigned for use in each parking place . ( 7 ) In any case where unused tickets , leases or contracts have become obsolete or discontinued , they shall be reported and then destroyed with permission and under the supervision of the Treasurer ; ( 8 ) Where meters are used , accurate records of all money collected at each meter must be kept ; ( 9 ) A monthly summary showing the starting and ending ticket numbers for each series , the number of tickets sold at each representative price and the amount of tax collected ; ( 10 ) Exemptions , if any ; and ( 11 ) Detailed drawings , such as a plot plan , shall be shown for each parking facility on the reverse side of the registration form and any alterations made to said locations shall be provided to the Treasurer by way of a revised draft . -15- ( b ) Record Retention .