a fine of not more than one thousand dollars ( $ 1,000 ) or to a term -15- of imprisonment of not more than one year , or both ; and 3 . Any person who willfully fails or refuses to appear before the Treasurer or his agent in person with the Employer ’ s books , records or accounts for examination when required under the provisions of Title Two of the City Code to do so , or who willfully refus es to permit inspection of the books , records or accounts of any Employer in the person ’ s custody or control when the right to make such inspection by the Treasurer or his agent is requested , shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and shall , upon conviction , be sentenced to pay a fine of not more than five hundred dollars ( $ 500 ) or to a term of imprisonment of not more than six months , or both.The fines and terms of imprisonment , imposed under this Section shall be in addition to any other relief granted to the C ity of Pittsburgh of a monetary nature under the provisions of this Article . Local Tax Enabling Act , 53 P.S . § 6924.303 ( i ) . 4 . Each and every day that the violation continues shall constitute a separate offense for which a fine may be imposed . -16- ARTICLE VI TAXPAYER REMEDIES SECTION 601 – TREASURER HEARINGS a . Any Taxpayer aggrieved by an assessment by the Treasurer shall , within ninety ( 90 ) days after the date of notice of the assessment , request a Treasurer ’ s Hearing on a form obtained from the T reasurer for that purpose . 53 Pa.C.S . § 8431 . The Treasurer may on his/her own initiative cite a Taxpayer for a hearing . b . Any Taxpayer who fails to request a Treasurer ’ s Hearing within a timely manner , waives the right to contest any element of the assessment , and that party ’ s failure to challenge the Treasurer ’ s adjudication will be construed as an admission by that party as to the propriety of the assessment . c. The written petition for reassessment shall contain at minimum : 1 . The petitioner ’ s name , add ress , and daytime telephone number . 2 . The petitioner ’ s account and/or social security number . 3 . A copy of the assessment notice the party received from the Finance Department . 4 . A detailed explanation consisting of the reason or reasons the petitioner disagre es with the assessment and any documentation necessary to support the petitioner ’ s claims . 5 . Petitioner ’ s signature . d. The completed petition should be mailed to : TREASURER HEARINGS TREASURER – CITY OF PITTSBURGH 414 GRANT ST PITTSBURGH PA 15219 -2476 e. Any Taxpayer may request a Treasurer ’ s Hearing so that his tax refund request can be reviewed . f. The Treasurer will abate any penalties and interest only in accordance with 53 Pa.C.S . § 8428. g. The Treasurer will issue its decision within sixty ( 60 ) days of the rec eipt of the petitioner ’ s complete and accurate petition form . SECTION 602 – APPEALS Any person aggrieved by the decision of the Treasurer , following a hearing , shall have the right to make an appeal to the Court of Common Pleas of Allegheny County , in accordance with the Taxpayer ’ s Bill of Rights Act . 53 Pa.C.S . § 8434 . Any appeal must be commenced within thirty ( 30 ) days of the date of the notice of the Treasurer ’ s decision . If no such appeal is timely filed , the aggrieved party waives his/her right t o contest any element of the Treasurer ’ s adjudication , and that party ’ s failure to challenge the same will be construed as an admission by that party as to the propriety of the Treasurer ’ s decision . No hearing or appeal will operate to suspend the accrual of penalty and interest from the date the tax was due to the date it is actually paid . -17- SECTION 603 – PAYMENT UNDER PROTEST The Treasurer will accept payments of disputed tax amounts under protest pending appeals ; however , any request for refund of such m onies must be filed in accordance with Section 604 . SECTION 604 – REFUNDS a . A Taxpayer who has overpaid the Payroll Tax , or who believes he is not liable for the Payroll Tax may file a written request on an amended tax return ( ET -1 ) with the Department of F inance for a refund or a credit of the tax . A request for refund or a credit shall be made within three ( 3 ) years of the due date for filing the report or one year after actual payment of the tax , whichever is later . If no report is required , the request s hall be made within three ( 3 ) years after the due date for payment of the tax or within one ( 1 ) year after actual payment of the tax , whichever is later . Local Taxpayers Bill of Rights , 53 Pa.C.S . § 8425 ( a ) . b . For amounts paid as a result of a notice assert ing or informing a Taxpayer of an underpayment , a written request for a refund shall be filed with the Department of Finance within one ( 1 ) year of the date of the payment . Local Taxpayers Bill of Rights , 53 Pa.C.S .