, the means , facilities and opportunity for such examinations and investigations , as are hereby authorized . Local Tax Enabling Ac t , 53 P.S . § 6924.315 ; Local Tax Enabling Act , 53 P.S . § 6924.303 ( c ) . b . If records are not available in the City of Pittsburgh to support the returns which were filed or which should have been filed , the Taxpayer will be required to make them available to the Treasurer either by producing them in a City of Pittsburgh location or by paying for the expenses incurred by the Treasurer in traveling to the place where the records are regularly kept . c. Any information gained by the Treasurer , by designated agents , o r by any other official or agent of the City of Pittsburgh , as a result of any declarations , returns , investigations , hearings or verifications required or authorized by the City Code , shall be confidential except for official purposes and shall not be rel eased except in accordance with a proper judicial order , or as otherwise provided by law . Local Taxpayer Bill of Rights , 53 Pa.C.S . § 8437. d. A Taxpayer shall have at least thirty ( 30 ) calendar days to respond to audit notices . A Taxpayer may request a rea sonable extension of time in accordance with the Local Taxpayer Bill of Rights , 53 Pa.C.S . § 8424 ( a ) . SECTION 403 – RECORDS TO BE KEPT BY THE TAXPAYER Taxpayers and Employers liable for the Payroll Tax are required to keep such records as will enable the filing of true and accurate returns of the tax and such records shall be preserved for a period of not less than three ( 3 ) years from the filing date or due date whichever is later in order to enable the Treasurer or any agent designated by him to verify t he correctness of -12- the declarations or returns filed . SECTION 404 – AUDITS AND TIME FOR ASSESSMENTS A Taxpayer has thirty ( 30 ) calendar days to respond to audit notices . If additional time is necessary , the Taxpayer may request a reasonable extension of t hat time upon a showing of good cause . 53 Pa.C.S . § 8424 ( a ) . If , as a result of an examination conducted by the Treasurer , a return is found to be incorrect , the Treasurer is authorized to assess and collect any underpayments of the Payroll Tax . If no return has been filed and a tax is found to be due , the tax actually due may be assessed and collected with or without the formality of obtaining a return from the Taxpayer . Deficiency assessments ( i.e. , where Taxpayer has filed a return but is found to owe additional tax ) shall include taxes for up to three ( 3 ) years prior to the date when the deficiency is assessed . If the deficiency exceeds twenty -five percent or more of the tax originally self -reported , but no fraud is found , suit must be begun within six years . Where no return was filed , or a fraudulent return was filed , there shall be no limit to the period of assessment . Local Tax Enabling Act , 53 P.S . § 6924.303 ( g ) . -13- ARTICLE V SUITS FOR TAX COLLECTIONS , VIOLATIONS , FINES , INTEREST & PENALTIES SECTION 501 – REMEDIES NOT MUTUALLY EXCLUSIVE The remedies provided in Section 502 or Section 505 are not mutually exclusive . The utilization by the Treasurer of one remedy does not preclude utilization of the other . Moreover , use of either or both of the remedies provided in these Sections does not preclude the use by the City of Pittsburgh of any other legal or administrative procedure which can bring about compliance by the taxpayer with the provisions of Chapter 258 of the Pittsburgh Code and these regu lations . Any voluntary payment made by a Taxpayer , unless otherwise specified in writing , shall be applied first to tax , then to interest , then to penalty , then to any other fees or charges . Local Taxpayer Bill of Rights , 53 Pa.C.S . § 8429 . SECTION 502 – SUITS FOR RECOVERY OF UNPAID TAXES The Treasurer may sue in the name of the City of Pittsburgh , in law or in equity , for the recovery of those taxes due and unpaid under the provisions of the Payroll Tax , to compel the production of records or to enforce any other provisions of the law . SECTION 503 - LIMITATIONS a . The following periods of limitations shall apply to suits for collection of taxes . Local Tax Enabling Act , 53 P.S . § 6924.303 ( g ) . 1 . When a return has been filed but no tax paid , any suit brought to recover the tax due and unpaid shall be filed within three ( 3 ) years after the return was due or filed , whichever is later . Where no return was filed , there shall be no limit to file suit for the collection of taxes . 2 . In the case of a deficiency assessment , suit shall be filed within three ( 3 ) years after the assessment has been made . b . The limitations set forth in paragraph ( a ) shall not prevent the institution of a suit for the collection of any tax due or determined to be due in the following cases : 1 . When n o return was filed , there is no limitation . 2 . When the return is fraudulent , there is no limitation . 3 . When there is an understatement of tax liability of twenty -five ( 25 % ) or more , and not due to fraud , suit must be begun within six ( 6 ) years . 4 .