. § 6924.303 ( g ) . 1 . When a return has been filed but no tax paid , any suit brought to recover the tax due and unpaid shall be filed within three ( 3 ) years after the return was due or filed , whichever is later . Where no return was filed , there shall be no limit to file suit for the collection of taxes . 2 . In the case of a deficiency assessment , suit shall be filed within three ( 3 ) years after the assessment has been made . b . The limitations set forth in paragraph ( a ) shall not prevent the institution of a suit for the collection of any tax due or determined to be due in the following cases : 1 . When n o return was filed , there is no limitation . 2 . When the return is fraudulent , there is no limitation . 3 . When there is an understatement of tax liability of twenty -five ( 25 % ) or more , and not due to fraud , suit must be begun within six ( 6 ) years . 4 . A return filed before the due date is deemed to be filed on the due date . -14- SECTION 504 – PENALTY AND INTEREST a . If for any reason the Payroll Tax is not paid when due , interest at the rate of six ( 6 % ) percent per annum on the amount of tax and a penalty of one ( 1 % ) percent per month for each month or fraction of a whole month during the period in which the tax remains unpaid shall be added to the tax . Local Tax Enabling Act , 53 P.S . § 6924.303 ( h ) . b . Penalty and Interest on Deficiency Assessment . On any additional tax determi ned to be due as a result of a deficiency assessment , penalty and interest will be assessed from the day the tax should have been paid to the date of payment . Penalty and interest is calculated as described above in the applicable portion of Section 504 ( a ) . c. Where suit is brought for the recovery of such tax , the person liable therefore shall , in addition , be liable for the costs of collection and the interest and penalties herein imposed . Local Tax Enabling Act , 53 P.S . § 6924.303 ( h ) . Once due and owing , pe nalty and interest become part of the tax and shall be collected as such . A person ’ s belief that no tax is due and owing , or the failure of any person to receive or obtain the forms required for making the returns required under the City Code is not a vali d defense to the imposition of penalties herein for violation . d. Good faith shall not be a defense to the imposition of penalty and interest . Penalty and interest may be abated only in accordance with the Local Taxpayers Bill of Rights , 53 Pa.C.S . § 8428 . SECTION 505 – FINES AND PENALTIES FOR VIOLATION OF APPLICABLE PROVISIONS OF TITLE TWO , PITTSBURGH CODE a . Violations – No person shall : 1 . Fail , neglect , or refuse to make any declaration or file a return required under the City Code . 2 . Refuse to permit the Treasurer or his/her designee to examine the books , records or accounts of any business , taxable or otherwise , to determine liability . 3 . Make any incomplete , false or fraudulent return or attempt to do anything to avoid full disclosure of the amount of tax d ue to avoid payment in whole or in part , of the Payroll Tax . 4 . Divulge information , which is confidential under Chapter 201.06 of the City Code . 5 . Fail to make any payment when it is due . b. Pursuant to the Local Tax Enabling Act , 53 P.S.6924.303 ( i ) , in addition to any other penalties or enforcement proceedings provided for by ordinance for the collection and enforcement of taxes : 1 . Any employer who willfully makes any false or untrue statement on the employer ’ s return shall be guilty of a misdemeanor of the second degree and shall , upon conviction , be sentenced to pay a fine of not more than two thousand dollars ( $ 2,000 ) or to a term of imprisonment of not more than two years , or both ; 2 . Any employer who willfully fails or refuses to file a return required by this c hapter shall be guilty of a misdemeanor of the third degree and shall , upon conviction , be sentenced to pay a fine of not more than one thousand dollars ( $ 1,000 ) or to a term -15- of imprisonment of not more than one year , or both ; and 3 . Any person who willfully fails or refuses to appear before the Treasurer or his agent in person with the Employer ’ s books , records or accounts for examination when required under the provisions of Title Two of the City Code to do so , or who willfully refus es to permit inspection of the books , records or accounts of any Employer in the person ’ s custody or control when the right to make such inspection by the Treasurer or his agent is requested , shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and shall , upon conviction , be sentenced to pay a fine of not more than five hundred dollars ( $ 500 ) or to a term of imprisonment of not more than six months , or both.The fines and terms of imprisonment , imposed under this Section shall be in addition to any other relief granted to the C ity of Pittsburgh of a monetary nature under the provisions of this Article .