became a city . It was served by numerous river steamboats that increased trading traffic on the rivers . In the 1830s , many Welsh people from the Merthyr steelworks immigrated to the city following the aftermath of the Merthyr Rising . By the 1840s , Pittsburgh was one of the largest cities west of the Allegheny Mountains . The Great Fire of Pittsburgh destroyed over a thousand buildings in 1845 . The city rebuilt with the aid of Irish immigrants who came to escape the Great Famine . By 1857 , Pittsburgh 's 1,000 factories were consuming 22 million coal bushels yearly . Coal mining and iron manufacturing attracted waves of European immigrants to the area , with the most coming from Germany . Because Pennsylvania had been established as a free state after the Revolution , enslaved African Americans sought freedom here through escape as refugees from the South , or occasionally fleeing from travelers they were serving who stayed in the city . There were active stations of the Underground Railroad in the city , and numerous refugees were documented as getting help from station agents and African-American workers in city hotels . The Drennen Slave Girl walked out of the Monongahela House in 1850 , apparently to freedom . [ 40 ] The Merchant 's Hotel was also a place where African-American workers would advise slaves the state was free and aid them in getting to nearby stations of the Underground Railroad . [ 41 ] Sometimes refugee slaves from the South stayed in Pittsburgh , but other times they continued North , including into Canada . Many slaves left the city and county for Canada after Congress passed the 1850 Fugitive Slave Act , as it required cooperation from law enforcement even in free states and increased penalties . From 1850 to 1860 , the black population in Allegheny County dropped from 3,431 to 2,725 as people headed to more safety in Canada . [ 40 ] The American Civil War boosted the city 's economy with increased iron and armament demand by the Union . Andrew Carnegie began steel production in 1875 at the Edgar Thomson Steel Works in North Braddock , Pennsylvania , which evolved into the Carnegie Steel Company . He adopted the Bessemer process to increase production . Manufacturing was key to growth of Pittsburgh and the surrounding region . Railroad lines were built into the city along both rivers , increasing transportation access to important markets . 20th century [ edit ] An aerial view of Pittsburgh in 1902 [ 42 ] Steel mills in the Strip District in 1906 In 1901 , J. P. Morgan and attorney Elbert H. Gary merged Carnegie Steel Company and several other companies into U.S. Steel . By 1910 , Pittsburgh was the nation 's eighth-largest city , accounting for between one-third and one-half of national steel output . The Pittsburgh Agreement was subscribed in May 1918 between the Czech and Slovak nationalities , as envisioned by T. G. Masaryk , concerning the future foundation of Czechoslovakia . [ 43 ] The city suffered severe flooding in March 1936 . The city 's population swelled to more than a half million , attracting numerous European immigrants to its industrial jobs . By 1940 , non-Hispanic whites were 90.6 % of the city 's population . [ 44 ] Pittsburgh also became a main destination of the African-American Great Migration from the rural South during the first half of the 20th century . [ 45 ] Limited initially by discrimination , some 95 % percent of the men became unskilled steel workers . [ 46 ] During World War II , demand for steel increased and area mills operated 24 hours a day to produce 95 million tons of steel for the war effort . [ 29 ] This resulted in the highest levels of air pollution in the city 's almost century of industry . The city 's reputation as the `` arsenal of democracy '' [ 47 ] [ 48 ] was being overshadowed by James Parton 's 1868 observation of Pittsburgh being `` hell with the lid off . '' [ 49 ] Following World War II , the city launched a clean air and civic revitalization project known as the `` Renaissance , '' cleaning up the air and the rivers . The `` Renaissance II '' project followed in 1977 , focused on cultural and neighborhood development . The industrial base continued to expand through the 1970s , but beginning in the early 1980s both the area 's steel and electronics industries imploded during national industrial restructuring . There were massive layoffs from mill and plant closures . [ 11 ] In the later 20th century , the area shifted its economic base to education , tourism , and services , largely based on healthcare/medicine , finance , and high technology such as robotics . Although Pittsburgh successfully shifted its economy and remained viable , the city 's population has never rebounded to its industrial-era highs . While 680,000 people lived in the city proper in 1950 , a combination of suburbanization and economic turbulence resulted in a decrease in city population , even as the metropolitan area population increased again . 21st century [ edit ] During the late 2000s recession , Pittsburgh was economically strong , adding jobs when most cities were losing them . It was one of the few cities in the United States to see housing property values rise . Between 2006 and 2011 , the Pittsburgh metropolitan statistical area ( MSA ) experienced over 10 % appreciation in housing prices , the highest appreciation of the largest 25 metropolitan statistical areas in the United States , with 22 of the largest 25 metropolitan statistical areas experiencing depreciations in housing values . [ 50 ] In September 2009 , the 2009 G20 Pittsburgh summit was held in Pittsburgh . [ 51 ] Geography [ edit ] See also : Pittsburgh metropolitan area § Regional identity Downtown Pittsburgh and the Duquesne Incline from Mount Washington Pittsburgh has an area of 58.3 square miles ( 151 km 2 ) , of which 55.6 square miles ( 144 km 2 ) is land and 2.8 square miles ( 7.3 km 2 ) , or 4.75 % , is water . The 80th meridian west passes directly through the city 's downtown . The city is on the Allegheny Plateau , within the ecoregion of the Western Allegheny Plateau . [ 52 ] The Downtown area ( also known as the Golden Triangle ) sits where the Allegheny River flows from the northeast and the Monongahela River from the southeast to form the Ohio River . The convergence is at Point State Park and is referred to as `` the Point . '' The city extends east to include the Oakland and Shadyside sections , which are home to the University of Pittsburgh , Carnegie Mellon University , Chatham University , Carnegie Museum and Library , and many other educational , medical , and cultural institutions . The southern , western , and northern areas of the city are primarily residential . Many Pittsburgh neighborhoods are steeply sloped with two-lane roads . More than a quarter of neighborhood names make reference to `` hills , '' `` heights , '' or similar features . [ a ] The steps of Pittsburgh consist of 800 sets of outdoor public stairways with 44,645 treads and 24,090 vertical feet . They include hundreds of streets composed entirely of stairs , and many other steep streets with stairs for sidewalks . [ 53 ] Many provide vistas of the Pittsburgh area while attracting hikers and fitness walkers . [ 54 ] Bike and walking trails have been built to border many of the city 's rivers and hollows . The Great Allegheny Passage and Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Towpath connect the city directly to downtown Washington , D.C. ( some 335 miles [ 539 km ] away ) with a continuous bike/running trail . Cityscape [ edit ] Areas [ edit ] See also : List of Pittsburgh neighborhoods , List of tallest buildings in Pittsburgh , List of City of Pittsburgh historic designations , and List of Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation Historic Landmarks Pittsburgh 's 90 distinct neighborhoods The city consists of the Downtown area , called the Golden Triangle , [ 55 ] and four main areas surrounding it . These surrounding areas are subdivided into distinct neighborhoods ( Pittsburgh has 90 neighborhoods ) . [ 56 ] Relative to downtown , these areas are known as the Central , North Side/North Hills , South Side/South Hills , East End , and West End . Golden Triangle [ edit ] Downtown Pittsburgh has 30 skyscrapers , nine of which top 500 feet ( 150 m ) . The U.S. Steel Tower is the tallest , at 841 ft ( 256 m ) . [ 57 ] The Cultural District consists of a 14-block area of downtown along the Allegheny River . This district contains many theaters and arts venues and is home to a growing residential segment . Most significantly , the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust is embarking on RiverParc , a four-block mixed-use `` green '' community , featuring 700 residential units and multiple towers of between 20 and 30 stories . The Firstside portion of Downtown borders the Monongahela River , the historic Mon Wharf and hosts the distinctive PPG Place Gothic-style glass skyscraper complex . New condo towers have been constructed and historic office towers are converted to residential use , increasing 24-hour residents . Downtown is served by the Port Authority 's light rail system and multiple bridges leading north and south . [ 58 ] It is also home to Point Park University and Duquesne University which borders Uptown . North Side [ edit ] Further information : North Side ( Pittsburgh ) Townhouses in the Mexican War Streets neighborhood The North Side is home to various neighborhoods in transition . The area was once known as Allegheny City and operated as its own independent city until 1907 , when it was merged with Pittsburgh despite great protest from its citizens . The North Side is primarily composed of residential neighborhoods and is noteworthy for its well-constructed and architecturally interesting homes . Many buildings date from the 19th century and are constructed of brick or stone and adorned with decorative woodwork , ceramic tile , slate roofs and stained glass . The North Side is also home to attractions such as Acrisure Stadium , PNC Park , Kamin Science Center , National Aviary , Andy Warhol Museum , Mattress Factory art museum , Children 's Museum of Pittsburgh , Randyland , Penn Brewery , Allegheny Observatory , and Allegheny General Hospital . [ 59 ] South Side [ edit ] Further information : South Side ( Pittsburgh ) East Carson Street in the South Side Flats The South Side was once the site of railyards and associated dense , inexpensive housing for mill and railroad workers . Starting in the late 20th century , the city undertook a Main Street program in cooperation with the National Trust for Historic Preservation , encouraging design and landscape improvements on East Carson Street , and supporting new retail . The area has become a local Pittsburgher destination , and the value of homes in the South Side had increased in value by about 10 % annually for the 10 years leading up to 2014 . [ 60 ] East Carson Street has developed as one of the most vibrant areas of the city , packed with diverse shopping , ethnic eateries , vibrant nightlife , and live music venues . In 1993 , the Urban Redevelopment Authority of Pittsburgh purchased the South Side Works steel mill property . It collaborated with the community and various developers to create a master plan for a mixed-use development that included a riverfront park , office space , housing , health-care facilities , and indoor practice fields for the Pittsburgh Steelers and Pitt Panthers . Construction of the development began in 1998 . The SouthSide Works has been open since 2005 , featuring many stores , restaurants , offices , and the world headquarters for American Eagle Outfitters . [ 61 ] East End [ edit ] Shadyside neighborhood The East End of Pittsburgh is home to the University of Pittsburgh , Carnegie Mellon University , Carlow University , Chatham University , The Carnegie Institute 's Museums of Art and Natural History , Phipps Conservatory , and Soldiers and Sailors Memorial Hall . It is also home to many parks and public spaces including Mellon Park , Westinghouse Park , Schenley Park , Frick Park , The Frick Pittsburgh , Bakery Square , and the Pittsburgh Zoo and PPG Aquarium . The neighborhoods of Shadyside and Squirrel Hill are large , wealthy neighborhoods with some apartments and condos , and pedestrian-oriented shopping/business districts . Squirrel Hill is also known as the hub of Jewish life in Pittsburgh , home to approximately 20 synagogues . [ 62 ] Oakland , heavily populated by undergraduate and graduate students , is home to most of the universities , and the Petersen Events Center . The Strip District to the west along the Allegheny River is an open-air marketplace by day and a clubbing destination by night . Bloomfield is Pittsburgh 's Little Italy and is known for its Italian restaurants and grocers . Lawrenceville is a revitalizing rowhouse neighborhood popular with artists and designers . The Hill District was home to photographer Charles Harris as well as various African-American jazz clubs . [ 63 ] Other East End neighborhoods include Point Breeze , Regent Square , Highland Park , Homewood , Lincoln-Lemington-Belmar , Larimer , East Hills , East Liberty , Polish Hill , Hazelwood , Garfield , Morningside , and Stanton Heights . West End [ edit ] Further information : West End ( Pittsburgh ) § Region The West End includes Mt . Washington , with its famous view of the downtown skyline , and numerous other residential neighborhoods such as Sheraden and Elliott . Ethnicities [ edit ] This section does not cite any sources . Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources . Unsourced material may be challenged and removed . ( September 2023 ) ( Learn how and when to remove this message ) Many of Pittsburgh 's patchwork of neighborhoods still retain ethnic characters reflecting the city 's settlement history . These include : German : Troy Hill , Mt . Washington , and East Allegheny ( Deutschtown ) Italian : Brookline , Bloomfield , Morningside , Oakland Hispanic/Latino : Beechview / Brookline Polish , Austrian , Belgian , Czech , Slovak , German , Greek , Hungarian , Luxembourgish , Dutch , Romanian , Swiss , Slovenia and the northern marginal regions of Italy , Croatian , as well as northeastern France , Central European : South Side , Lawrenceville , and Polish Hill Lithuanian : South Side , Uptown African American/Multiracial African American : Hill District , Homewood , Lincoln-Lemington-Belmar , Larimer , East Hills , and Hazelwood Jewish ( Ashkenazi ) : Squirrel Hill Irish : Mt . Washington , Carrick , Greenfield Ukrainian ( Ruthenian ) : South Side Population densities [ edit ] Several neighborhoods on the edges of the city are less urban , featuring tree-lined streets , yards and garages , with a more suburban character . Oakland , the South Side , the North Side , and the Golden Triangle are characterized by more density of housing , walking neighborhoods , and a more diverse , urban feel . Images [ edit ] Panorama of Pittsburgh from the Duquesne Incline , showing the confluence of the Allegheny ( left ) and the Monongahela ( right ) Rivers , which merge to form the Ohio River ( lower left ) in November 2019 Pittsburgh seen from Mount Washington at night with the Monongahela River in the foreground in November 2015 Skyline from Mt . Washington in June 2014 Regional identity [ edit ] Main article : Pittsburgh metropolitan area The Puddler , a glass mural of an iron or steel worker , [ 64 ] [ 65 ] memorializing Pittsburgh 's industrial heritage Pittsburgh falls within the borders of the Northeastern United States as defined by multiple US Government agencies . Pittsburgh is the principal city of the Pittsburgh Combined Statistical Area , a combined statistical area defined by the U.S. Census Bureau . Pittsburgh falls within the borders of Appalachia as defined by the Appalachian Regional Commission , and has long been characterized as the `` northern urban industrial anchor of Appalachia . '' [ 66 ] In its post-industrial state , Pittsburgh has been characterized as the `` Paris of Appalachia '' , [ 67 ] [ 68 ] [ 69 ] [ 70 ] recognizing the city 's cultural , educational , healthcare , and technological resources , and is the largest city in Appalachia . Climate [ edit ] Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania Climate chart ( explanation ) J F M A M J J A S O N D 2.6 36 21 2.4 39 23 3 49 30 3.1 62 40 4 71 49 4.3 79 58 3.8 83 63 3.5 81 62 3.1 74 54 2.3 63 43 3.2 51 35 2.9 39 25 █ Average max . and min . temperatures in °F █ Precipitation totals in inches Metric conversion J F M A M J J A S O N D 66 2 −6 61 4 −5 75 10 −1 79 17 5 100 22 10 109 26 15 97 28 17 88 27 16 79 24 12 58 17 6 82 11 2 72 4 −4 █ Average max . and min . temperatures in °C █ Precipitation totals in mm Under the Köppen climate classification , Pittsburgh falls within either a hot-summer humid continental climate ( Dfa ) if the 0 °C ( 32 °F ) isotherm is used or a humid subtropical climate ( Cfa ) if the −3 °C ( 27 °F ) isotherm is used . Summers are hot and winters are moderately cold with wide variations in temperature . Despite this , it has one of the most pleasant summer climates between medium and large cities in the U.S. [ 71 ] [ 72 ] [ 73 ] The city lies in the USDA plant hardiness zone 6b except along the rivers where the zone is 7a . [ 74 ] The area has four distinct seasons : winters are cold and snowy , springs and falls are mild with moderate levels of sunshine , and summers are warm . As measured by percent possible sunshine , summer is by far the sunniest season , though annual sunshine is low among major US cities at well under 50 % . [ 75 ] The warmest month of the year in Pittsburgh is July , with a 24-hour average of 73.2 °F ( 22.9 °C ) . Conditions are often humid , and combined with highs reaching 90 °F ( 32 °C ) on an average 9.5 days a year , [ 76 ] a considerable heat index arises . The coolest month is January , when the 24-hour average is 28.8 °F ( −1.8 °C ) , and lows of 0 °F ( −18 °C ) or below can be expected on an average 2.6 nights per year . [ 76 ] Officially , record temperatures range from −22 °F ( −30 °C ) , on