Events - Great American Banana Split Celebration Skip to content Activities Banana Split Princess Crafts , Games , & Activities Participating Vendors Eat & Drink Over 21 Area Events 5K Banana Run Great American Banana Baking Contest Dole Great American Banana Challenge Blood Drive Cornhole Tournament Car Show Yellow Tie Gala Entertainment Information Schedule Event Map Parking Plan Your Visit About History Media Merchandise Sponsorship Opportunities Volunteer Opportunities Activities Banana Split Princess Crafts , Games , & Activities Participating Vendors Eat & Drink Over 21 Area Events 5K Banana Run Great American Banana Baking Contest Dole Great American Banana Challenge Blood Drive Cornhole Tournament Car Show Yellow Tie Gala Entertainment Information Schedule Event Map Parking Plan Your Visit About History Media Merchandise Sponsorship Opportunities Volunteer Opportunities Events Join in the fun . 5K Banana Run Get ready to go bananas at the annual 5k Banana Run ! This fun run is perfect for runners of all ages and fitness levels . Participants are encouraged to wear yellow and don their best banana-themed costumes as they run or walk the 3.1-mile course . Check It Out Blood Drive Giving blood is one of the most selfless acts of kindness one can do . It only takes a small amount of time , but the impact it can have is immeasurable . Blood donations save lives every day , and give you the power to make a difference in someone ’ s life . Whether it ’ s for a family member , a friend , or a complete stranger , your donation can give someone a second chance at life . Take a quick break from the fun and donate while you ’ re here ! It ’ s a simple act of kindness that can have a profound impact on someone in need . Check It Out Cornhole Tournament Get ready to toss some bags and have some fun ! This popular game is a great way to get outside and enjoy the company of friends and family . With multiple rounds and elimination matches , the stakes get higher as the competition heats up . Whether you ’ re a seasoned cornhole player or a beginner , this tournament is a fun way to spend an afternoon in the sun . So grab a partner and join in on the fun at the cornhole tournament ! Check It Out Great American Banana Baking Contest Those who have a passion for creating confections will want to be a part of the Great American Banana Baking Contest ! Will your delicious dessert be the best ? Check It Out Dole Great American Banana Challenge New this year , we are hosting the Dole Great American Banana Challenge ! How many bananas can you eat ? The winner will be named this year ’ s champion ! Check It Out Car Show Get ready to rev your engines ! This event is perfect for car enthusiasts of all ages who want to see some beautiful antiques and unique vehicles on display . The car show features a wide variety of makes and models with something for everyone . Owners are often on hand to talk about their cars , and visitors can get up close and personal with the vehicles , taking in every detail . So come on out and enjoy ! Check It Out Yellow Tie Gala The Latrobe Art Center welcomes in the fun-filled weekend with a banana extravaganza ! Enjoy a live music performance with Ricolita Café food , a yellow tie cocktail , and even a banana spit bar . Don ’ t forget to wear your best yellow outfit ! Check It Out Stay up to date on the latest information . Email Phone This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged . We respect your privacy . Please refer to the Greater Latrobe-Laurel Valley Chamber of Commerce website for privacy information . For more information , please contact the Greater Latrobe-Laurel Valley Chamber of Commerce . PO Box 463 , Latrobe , PA 15650 ( 724 ) 537-2671 x702 info @ bananasplitfest.com Sign up for the Dole Newsletter HERE The Celebration Schedule Events Activities Entertainment Merchandise History Menu Schedule Events Activities Entertainment Merchandise History Helpful Links Information Event Map Media Parking Plan Your Visit Menu Information Event Map Media Parking Plan Your Visit Get Involved Home Schedule Activities Entertainment Eat & Drink Menu Home Schedule Activities Entertainment Eat & Drink © 2024 Greater Latrobe-Laurel Valley Regional Chamber of Commerce . All Rights Reserved . Site design by Headspace Media . Home Activities Events Entertainment Information Media Merchandise Banana Split Princess Volunteer Sponsorship Opportunities Home Activities Events Entertainment Information Media Merchandise Banana Split Princess Volunteer Sponsorship Opportunities