Carnegie Mellon University - Wikipedia Jump to content Main menu Main menu move to sidebar hide Navigation Main page Contents Current events Random article About Wikipedia Contact us Contribute Help Learn to edit Community portal Recent changes Upload file Search Search Donate Appearance Create account Log in Personal tools Create account Log in Pages for logged out editors learn more Contributions Talk Contents move to sidebar hide ( Top ) 1 History 2 Campus Toggle Campus subsection 2.1 Overview 2.2 Campus architecture and design 2.3 Since the 1990s 3 Academics Toggle Academics subsection 3.1 Rankings 3.2 Admissions 3.3 Research 4 International activities 5 In popular culture 6 Schools and divisions Toggle Schools and divisions subsection 6.1 Libraries 6.2 Collaboration with the University of Pittsburgh 7 Discoveries and innovation Toggle Discoveries and innovation subsection 7.1 Natural sciences 7.2 Computer and applied sciences 7.3 Companies and entrepreneurship 8 Student life Toggle Student life subsection 8.1 Traditions 9 Housing Toggle Housing subsection 9.1 Fraternities and sororities 9.2 Specialized Communities 10 Athletics Toggle Athletics subsection 10.1 Football 10.2 Track and cross country 10.3 Volleyball 10.4 Intramurals 11 Alumni and faculty 12 See also 13 Notes 14 References 15 External links Toggle the table of contents Carnegie Mellon University 52 languages العربية Asturianu Azərbaycanca تۆرکجه বাংলা Беларуская Български Català Čeština Dansk Deutsch Ελληνικά Español Esperanto Euskara فارسی Français 한국어 Հայերեն Bahasa Indonesia Íslenska Italiano עברית ქართული Қазақша Ikinyarwanda Кыргызча Lietuvių მარგალური مصرى Bahasa Melayu Nederlands 日本語 Norsk bokmål Norsk nynorsk پنجابی Polski Português Русский Simple English Српски / srpski Suomi Svenska Tagalog தமிழ் ไทย Türkçe Українська اردو Tiếng Việt 粵語 中文 Edit links Article Talk English Read Edit View history Tools Tools move to sidebar hide Actions Read Edit View history General What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Cite this page Get shortened URL Download QR code Wikidata item Print/export Download as PDF Printable version In other projects Wikimedia Commons Appearance move to sidebar hide Coordinates : 40°26′33″N 79°56′36″W ﻿ / ﻿ 40.44250°N 79.94333°W ﻿ / 40.44250 ; -79.94333 From Wikipedia , the free encyclopedia Private research university in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , U.S. `` CMU '' redirects here . For other uses , see CMU ( disambiguation ) . Carnegie Mellon University Former names Carnegie Technical Schools ( 1900–1912 ) Carnegie Institute of Technology ( 1912–1967 ) Mellon Institute of Industrial Research ( 1913–1967 ) Motto `` My heart is in the work '' - Andrew Carnegie Type Private research university Established November 15 , 1900 ; 123 years ago ( November 15 , 1900 ) [ 1 ] Founders Andrew Carnegie Andrew Mellon Richard B. Mellon Accreditation MSCHE Academic affiliations AAU AITU NAICU ORAU URA Space-grant Endowment $ 3.0 billion ( 2022 ) [ 2 ] President Farnam Jahanian Provost James Garrett Academic staff 1,483 [ 3 ] Students 16,335 ( 2023 ) [ 4 ] Undergraduates 7,604 ( 2023 ) [ 4 ] Postgraduates 8,542 ( 2023 ) [ 4 ] Location Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , United States 40°26′33″N 79°56′36″W ﻿ / ﻿ 40.44250°N 79.94333°W ﻿ / 40.44250 ; -79.94333 Campus Large city [ 6 ] , 157.2 acres ( 63.6 ha ) [ 5 ] Other campuses Los Angeles Mountain View New York City Philadelphia San Jose Washington , D.C. Adelaide Doha Kigali Singapore Newspaper The Tartan Colors Red , black , steel gray , and iron gray [ 7 ] [ 8 ] Nickname Tartans Sporting affiliations NCAA Division III – UAA PAC ACHA IRA [ 9 ] Mascot Scotty the Scottish Terrier [ 10 ] Website cmu .edu Carnegie Mellon University ( CMU ) is a private research university in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , United States . The institution was established in 1900 by Andrew Carnegie as the Carnegie Technical Schools . In 1912 , it became the Carnegie Institute of Technology and began granting four-year degrees . In 1967 , it became Carnegie Mellon University through its merger with the Mellon Institute of Industrial Research , founded in 1913 by Andrew Mellon and Richard B. Mellon and formerly a part of the University of Pittsburgh . [ 11 ] The university consists of seven colleges , including the College of Engineering , the School of Computer Science , and the Tepper School of Business . [ 12 ] The university has its main campus located 5 miles ( 8 km ) from downtown Pittsburgh . It also has over a dozen degree-granting locations in six continents , including campuses in Qatar , Silicon Valley , and Kigali , Rwanda ( Carnegie Mellon University Africa ) and partnerships with universities nationally and globally . [ 13 ] Carnegie Mellon enrolls 15,818 students across its multiple campuses from 117 countries and employs more than 1,400 faculty members . [ 14 ] Carnegie Mellon is known for its advances in research and new fields of study , home to many firsts in computer science ( including the first machine learning , robotics , and computational biology departments ) , pioneering the field of management science , [ 15 ] and the first drama program in the United States . Carnegie Mellon is a member of the Association of American Universities and is classified among `` R1 : Doctoral Universities – Very High Research Activity '' . [ 16 ] Carnegie Mellon competes in NCAA Division III athletics as a founding member of the University Athletic Association . Carnegie Mellon fields eight men 's teams and nine women 's teams as the Tartans . [ 17 ] The university 's faculty and alumni include 21 Nobel Prize laureates and 13 Turing Award winners and have received 142 Emmy Awards , 64 Tony Awards , and 13 Academy Awards . [ 18 ] History [ edit ] Andrew Carnegie , founder of the Carnegie Technical Schools . Andrew Mellon , co-founder of the Mellon Institute . The Carnegie Technical Schools were founded in 1900 in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania [ 19 ] by the Scottish-American industrialist and philanthropist Andrew Carnegie , who wrote `` My heart is in the work '' , when he donated the funds to create the institution . Carnegie 's vision was to open a vocational training school for the sons and daughters of working-class Pittsburghers , many of whom worked in his mills . Carnegie was inspired for the design of his school by the Pratt Institute in Brooklyn , New York , founded by industrialist Charles Pratt in 1887 . [ 20 ] In 1912 , the institution changed its name to Carnegie Institute of Technology ( CIT ) and began offering four-year degrees . During this time , CIT consisted of four constituent schools : the School of Fine and Applied Arts , the School of Apprentices and Journeymen , the School of Science and Technology , and the Margaret Morrison Carnegie School for Women . The Mellon Institute of Industrial Research was founded in 1913 by banker and industrialist brothers Andrew Mellon ( who went on to become U.S. Treasury Secretary ) and Richard B. Mellon in honor of their father , Thomas Mellon , patriarch of the Mellon family . The Institute began as a research organization that performed contract work for government and industry , initially as a department within the University of Pittsburgh . In 1927 , the Mellon Institute was incorporated as an independent nonprofit . In 1937 , the Mellon Institute 's iconic building was completed on Fifth Avenue . [ 21 ] In 1967 , with support from Paul Mellon , the Carnegie Institute of Technology merged with the Mellon Institute of Industrial Research to become Carnegie Mellon University . In 1973 , Carnegie Mellon 's coordinate women 's college , the Margaret Morrison Carnegie College , merged its academic programs with the rest of the university . [ 22 ] The industrial research mission of the Mellon Institute survived the merger as the Carnegie Mellon Research Institute ( CMRI ) and continued doing work on contract to industry and government . In 2001 , CMRI 's programs were subsumed by other parts of the university or spun off into autonomous entities . [ 23 ] Campus [ edit ] The main campus in Pittsburgh as seen from the 36th floor of the Cathedral of Learning at the University of Pittsburgh , August 2015 . Overview [ edit ] Carnegie Mellon 's 157.2 acre ( 63 ha ) main campus is five miles ( 8 km ) from downtown Pittsburgh , between Schenley Park and the neighborhoods of Squirrel Hill , Shadyside , and Oakland . [ 5 ] Carnegie Mellon is bordered to the west by the campus of the University of Pittsburgh . Carnegie Mellon owns 81 buildings in the Oakland and Squirrel Hill neighborhoods of Pittsburgh . For decades , the center of student life on campus was Skibo Hall , the university 's student union . Built in the 1950s , Skibo Hall 's design was typical of mid-century modern architecture but was poorly equipped to deal with advances in computer and internet connectivity . The original Skibo Hall was razed in the summer of 1994 and replaced by a new student union that is fully Wi-Fi enabled . Known as the University Center , the building was dedicated in 1996 . In 2014 , Carnegie Mellon re-dedicated the University Center as the Cohon University Center in recognition of the eighth president of the university , Jared Cohon . [ 24 ] A large grassy area known as `` The Cut '' forms the backbone of the campus , with a separate grassy area known as `` The Mall '' running perpendicular . The Cut was formed by filling in a ravine ( hence the name ) with soil from a nearby hill that was leveled to build the College of Fine Arts building . The northwestern part of the campus ( home to Hamburg Hall , Newell-Simon Hall , Smith Hall , and Gates Hillman Complex ) was acquired from the United States Bureau of Mines in the 1980s . Carnegie Mellon has been purchasing 100 % renewable energy for its electricity since 2011 . [ 25 ] A panoramic view of Carnegie Mellon University 's Pittsburgh campus from the College of Fine Arts Lawn . From left to right : College of Fine Arts , Hunt Library , Baker and Porter Hall , Hamerschlag Hall , University of Pittsburgh 's Cathedral of Learning ( in the background ) , Wean Hall and Doherty Hall , Purnell Center , and the Cohon University Center . Also visible are `` The Fence '' , and the Walking to the Sky sculpture . Campus architecture and design [ edit ] The campus began to take shape in the Beaux-Arts architecture style of George Carnegie Palmer and Henry Hornbostel of Palmer & Hornbostel , winners of the 1904 competition to design the original institution and later the founder of the Carnegie Mellon School of Architecture . [ 26 ] There was little change to the campus between the first and second World War . A 1938 master plan by Githens and Keally suggested acquisition of new land along Forbes Avenue , but the plan was not fully implemented . The period starting with the construction of the Hall of the Arts building ( former home of the Graduate School of Industrial Administration ) in 1952 and ending with Wean Hall in 1971 saw the institutional change from Carnegie Institute of Technology to Carnegie Mellon University . New facilities were needed to respond to the university 's growing national reputation in artificial intelligence , business , robotics and the arts . In addition , an expanding student population demanded improved facilities for student life , athletics and libraries . The campus finally expanded to Forbes Avenue from its original land along Schenley Park . Hamerschlag , Roberts , and Scott Halls are three of the teaching facilities of the College of Engineering The buildings of this era reflected contemporary architectural styles . The International Style , with its rejection of historical tradition and its emphases on functionalism and expression of structure , had been in vogue in European settings since the 1930s . It came late to the Carnegie Mellon campus because of the hiatus in building activity and a general reluctance among American universities to abandon historical styles . By the 1960s , the International Style was adopted to accomplish needed expansion quickly and affordably with the swelling of student ranks in the aftermath of the GI Bill in 1944 . Each building was a unique architectural statement that may have acknowledged the existing campus in its placement , but not in its form or materials . During the 1970s and 1980s , the tenure of president Richard Cyert ( 1972–1990 ) witnessed a period of growth and development . The research budget grew from roughly $ 12 million annually in the early 1970s to more than $ 110 million in the late 1980s . Researchers in new fields like robotics and software engineering helped the university to build its reputation . One example was the introduction of the `` Andrew `` computing network in the mid-1980s . This project linking all computers and workstations on campus set the standard for educational computing and established Carnegie Mellon as a technology leader in education and research . On April 24 , 1985 , cmu.edu , Carnegie Mellon 's Internet domain , became one of the first six .edu domain names . Since the 1990s [ edit ] Wean Hall , home of the world 's first internet-enabled soda vending machine . [ 27 ] In the 1990s and into the 2000s , Carnegie Mellon solidified its status among American universities , consistently ranking in the top 25 in the national U.S. News & World Report rankings , and in the top 30 ( ranking 28th in 2022 ) amongst universities worldwide . [ 28 ] [ 29 ] Carnegie Mellon is distinct in its interdisciplinary approach to research and education . Through the establishment of programs and centers outside the limitations of departments or colleges , the university has established leadership in fields such as computational finance , information systems , cognitive sciences , management , arts management , product design , behavioral economics , energy science and economics , human–computer interaction , entertainment technology , and decision science . Within the past two decades , the university has built a new university center ( Cohon University Center ) , theater and drama building ( Purnell Center for the Arts ) , business school building ( Tepper School of Business ) , and several dormitories . Baker Hall was renovated in the early 2000s , and new chemistry labs were established in Doherty Hall soon after . Several computer science buildings , such as Newell-Simon Hall , also were established , renovated or renamed in the early 2000s . In 2006 , Carnegie Mellon Trustee Jill Gansman Kraus donated the 80-foot ( 24 m ) -tall sculpture Walking to the Sky , which was placed on the lawn facing Forbes Avenue between the Cohon University Center and Warner Hall . The sculpture was controversial for its placement , the general lack of input from the campus community , and its ( lack of ) aesthetic appeal . [ 30 ] The Gates Hillman Complex , which houses the School of Computer Science . Cohon University Center , which contains an indoor swimming pool , bookstore , student club facilities , gym , and cafeteria . The Gates Hillman Complex opened for occupancy on August 7 , 2009 . [ 31 ] It sits on a 5.6-acre ( 2.3 ha ) site on the university 's West Campus , surrounded by Cyert Hall , the Purnell Center for the Arts , Doherty Hall , Newell-Simon Hall , Smith Hall , Hamburg Hall , and the Robert Mehrabian Collaborative Innovation Center . It contains 318 offices as well as labs , computer clusters , lecture halls , classrooms and a 255-seat auditorium . The Gates Hillman Complex was made possible by a $ 20 million lead gift from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and an additional $ 10 million grant from the Henry L. Hillman Foundation . The Gates Hillman Complex and the Purnell Center for the Arts are connected by the Randy Pausch Memorial Footbridge . [ 32 ] On April 15 , 1997 , Jared L. Cohon , former dean of the Yale School of Forestry & Environmental Studies , was elected president by Carnegie Mellon 's board of trustees . During Cohon 's presidency , Carnegie Mellon continued its trajectory of innovation and growth . His strategic plan aimed to leverage the university 's strengths to benefit society in the areas of biotechnology and life sciences , information and security technology , environmental science and practices , the fine arts and humanities , and business and public policy . In 2006 , following negotiations between President Cohon and South Australian Premier Mike Rann , CMU opened a campus of the Heinz College in the historic Torrens Building in Adelaide , Australia . President Cohon 's term ended on June 30 , 2013 , after which he returned to the faculty at Carnegie Mellon . The Tepper Quadrangle , which includes the new home of the Tepper School of Business , opened in 2018 . On July 1 , 2003 , Carnegie Mellon launched `` Insp ! re Innovation '' , a $ 1 billion comprehensive fundraising campaign . Half of the campaign goal is intended for the endowment to provide long-lasting support for faculty , students and breakthrough innovations . The campaign brought in a total of $ 1.19 billion , with $ 578.5 million going toward Carnegie Mellon 's endowment . It also enabled the university to establish 31 endowed professorships , 97 endowed fellowships and 250 endowed scholarships . [ 33 ] On September 7 , 2011 , William S. Dietrich II , the former chairman of Dietrich Industries , Inc. , a subsidiary of Worthington Industries , Inc. , pledged a gift of $ 265 million , effective on October 6 , 2011 , upon his death . In response to this gift , Carnegie Mellon renamed the College of Humanities and Social Sciences as the Marianna Brown Dietrich College of Humanities and Social Sciences after William Dietrich 's mother . [ 34 ] On April 23 , 2012 , New York 's Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg and New York University 's President John Sexton announced an agreement between New York City , New York 's MTA , and a consortium of academic institutions , and private technology companies that led to the creation in New York of a Center for Urban Science and Progress ( CUSP