industry , government and military applications and practices . The organization is known for its Capability Maturity Model [ 106 ] [ 107 ] ( CMM ) and Capability Maturity Model Integration ( CMMI ) , which identify essential elements of effective system and software engineering processes and can be used to rate the level of an organization 's capability for producing quality systems . The SEI is also the home of CERT/CC , the federally funded computer security organization . The CERT Program 's primary goals are to support secure requirements and development of computer systems and ensure that appropriate technology and systems management practices are used to resist attacks on networked systems and to limit damage and ensure continuity of critical services subsequent to attacks , accidents , or failures . [ 108 ] The Human–Computer Interaction Institute ( HCII ) is a division of the School of Computer Science and is considered one of the leading centers of human–computer interaction research , integrating computer science , design , social science , and learning science . [ 109 ] Such interdisciplinary collaboration is the hallmark of research done throughout the university . The Language Technologies Institute ( LTI ) is another unit of the School of Computer Science and is famous for being one of the leading research centers in the area of language technologies . The primary research focus of the institute is on machine translation , speech recognition , speech synthesis , information retrieval , parsing and information extraction . [ 110 ] Until 1996 , the institute existed as the Center for Machine Translation that was established in 1986 . From 1996 onwards , it started awarding graduate degrees and the name was changed to Language Technologies Institute . The Ray and Stephanie Lane Computational Biology Department , one of the seven departments in the School of Computer Science , was established in 2007 ( as Lane Center for Computational Biology ) , officially became a department within the School of Computer Science in 2009 , and named the Ray and Stephanie Lane Computational Biology Department in 2023 . The department is the leader in developing computational methodologies to advance biomedical research . Carnegie Mellon is also home to the Carnegie School of management and economics . This intellectual school grew out of the Tepper School of Business in the 1950s and 1960s and focused on the intersection of behavioralistm and management . Several management theories , most notably bounded rationality and the behavioral theory of the firm , were established by Carnegie School management scientists and economists . Carnegie Mellon also develops cross-disciplinary and university-wide institutes and initiatives to take advantage of strengths in various colleges and departments and develop solutions in critical social and technical problems . To date , these have included the Cylab Security and Privacy Institute , the Wilton E. Scott Institute for Energy Innovation , the Neuroscience Institute , the Simon Initiative , and the Disruptive Healthcare Technology Institute . Carnegie Mellon has made a concerted effort to attract corporate research labs , offices , and partnerships to the Pittsburgh campus . Apple Inc. , Intel , Google , Microsoft , Disney , Facebook , IBM , General Motors , Bombardier Inc. , Yahoo ! , Uber , Tata Consultancy Services , Ansys , Boeing , Robert Bosch GmbH , and the Rand Corporation have established a presence on or near campus . In collaboration with Intel , Carnegie Mellon has pioneered research into claytronics . [ 111 ] International activities [ edit ] Part of Carnegie Mellon 's Education City campus in Qatar . In addition to its Pittsburgh campus , Carnegie Mellon has a branch campus in the Middle East , Carnegie Mellon University in Qatar , which offers a full undergraduate curriculum with degree programs in computer science , business administration , biology , computational biology , and information systems . The campus is located in Doha 's Education City which is home to multiple other U.S. universities all of which are funded by the Qatar Foundation . The Qatari campus has been the subject of controversy , as Islamic cultural values and laws in Qatar differ greatly from the core values of Carnegie Mellon . [ 112 ] Additionally , Carnegie Mellon and other U.S. universities in Education City have been criticized for being essentially complicit in Qatar 's corruption , connections with Hamas and their questionable human rights record by continuing to operate there . [ 112 ] [ 113 ] [ 114 ] [ 115 ] It also has graduate-level extension campuses in Mountain View , California in the heart of Silicon Valley ( offering masters programs in Software Engineering and Software Management ) . The Tepper School of Business maintains a satellite center in downtown Manhattan and the Heinz College maintains one in Adelaide , Australia . The Heinz College , the Institute for Politics and Strategy , and the Department of Engineering and Public Policy host centers in Washington , D.C. as part of degree programs , research , and government affairs initiatives as well as being a part of the University of California , Washington Center . Carnegie Mellon also established the Integrative Media Program at Steiner Studios in Brooklyn , New York . Carnegie Mellon also maintains the Carnegie Mellon Los Angeles Center in North Hollywood , California where students in the Master of Entertainment Industry Management program are required to relocate to Los Angeles in their second year and attend classes at this facility . Carnegie Mellon 's Information Networking Institute offers graduate programs in Athens , Greece and Kobe , Japan , in collaboration with Athens Information Technology and the Hyogo Institute of Information Education Foundation , respectively . In the fall of 2007 , the cities of Aveiro and Lisbon , Portugal were added to the Information Networking Institute 's remote locations . The Software and Societal Systems Department ( S3D ) offers graduate programs in Coimbra , Portugal . The Entertainment Technology Center offers graduate programs in Portugal , Japan , and Singapore . The Human–Computer Interaction Institute offers a master 's degree in conjunction with the University of Madeira , in Portugal at the jointly founded Madeira Interactive Technologies Institute . The College of Engineering has an international location in Kigali , Rwanda offering the Master of Science in Information Technology and the Master of Science in Electrical and Computer Engineering . In popular culture [ edit ] This section needs additional citations for verification . Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources in this section . Unsourced material may be challenged and removed . ( November 2016 ) ( Learn how and when to remove this message ) The campus of Carnegie Mellon in Pittsburgh has served as the locale for many motion pictures . Alumnus George A. Romero filmed Creepshow ( 1982 ) in and around Margaret Morrison Carnegie Hall . [ 116 ] Much of the on-campus scenes in the 2000 film Wonder Boys , starring Michael Douglas and Tobey Maguire , were filmed in Carnegie Mellon 's campus . [ 117 ] Other movies filmed at Carnegie Mellon include The Mothman Prophecies , Dogma , Lorenzo 's Oil , Hoffa , The Dark Knight Rises , Where 'd You Go , Bernadette , and Flashdance . The university is also featured prominently in the films Smart People , Monkey Shines , and in the anime Summer Wars . The musical Pippin was originally conceived by Stephen Schwartz as a student musical performed by the Scotch ' n'Soda student theatre troupe . [ 118 ] Schwartz also collaborated with drama student John-Michael Tebelak to expand his master 's thesis project titled Godspell , created under the direction of Lawrence Carra , into a musical . [ 119 ] While enrolled at Carnegie Mellon , acting students Michael McKean and David Lander ( class of 1969 ) created the characters `` Lenny and Squiggy '' . [ 120 ] The pair continued performing the characters in live comedy routines before joining the cast of the TV series Laverne & Shirley . In 2008 , Carnegie Mellon professor Randy Pausch 's `` Last Lecture `` became a pop culture phenomenon . Based on a lecture he gave in September 2007 – shortly after he learned his cancer had metastasized – his book quickly rose to the top of bestseller lists around the country . Named in Time magazine 's Time 100 list of influential people , he died in July 2008 from pancreatic cancer . [ 121 ] In 2003 , Carnegie Mellon established the Robot Hall of Fame in partnership with the Carnegie Science Center . The 68th Tony Awards in 2014 announced Carnegie Mellon as its first educational partner in jointly awarding the `` Tony Honor for Excellence in Theatre Education '' , which will `` honor kindergarten through high school ( K-12 ) theatre educators '' . [ 122 ] Schools and divisions [ edit ] Margaret Morrison Carnegie Hall , home of the Carnegie Mellon School of Architecture and Carnegie Mellon School of Design The College of Engineering includes seven engineering departments ( Biomedical Engineering , Chemical Engineering , Civil and Environmental Engineering , Electrical and Computer Engineering , Engineering and Public Policy , Mechanical Engineering , and Materials Science and Engineering ) , two interdisciplinary institutes ( the Information Networking Institute and the Integrated Innovation Institute ) , and the Engineering Research Accelerator . The College of Fine Arts is one of the oldest colleges of fine arts in the United States , and today it is a federation of five distinct schools : The School of Architecture , The School of Music , The School of Design , The School of Drama , and The School of Art . [ 123 ] [ 124 ] [ 125 ] The college shares research projects , interdisciplinary centers and educational programs with other units across the university . [ 126 ] The College of Fine Arts runs master 's programs in Arts Management and Entertainment Industry Management with the Heinz College , as well as interdisciplinary undergraduate programs with the Dietrich College of Humanities and Social Sciences ( BHA ) , Mellon College of Science ( BSA ) , the School of Computer Science ( BCSA ) , and the College of Engineering ( BESA ) . [ 127 ] The Dietrich College of Humanities and Social Sciences is the university 's liberal arts college and emphasizes the study of the human condition through rigorous analysis and technology . Departments include English , History , Modern Languages , Philosophy , Psychology , Social and Decision Sciences , and Statistics as well as an Institute for Politics and Strategy . The college also offers undergraduate degree programs in Information Systems , Economics ( jointly with the Tepper School of Business ) , and the Bachelor of Humanities and Arts ( BHA ) with the College of Fine Arts . [ 128 ] The H. John Heinz III College of Information Systems and Public Policy offers top-ranked master 's degrees in Public Policy and Management , Health Care Policy and Management , Medical Management , Public Management , Information Systems and Management , Information Technology , and Information Security Policy and Management . The Heinz College also runs master 's programs in Arts Management and Entertainment Industry Management with the College of Fine Arts . Heinz College consists of the School of Information Systems & Management and the School of Public Policy & Management . It also offers several PhD and executive education programs . The Mellon College of Science has four departments : Biological Sciences , Chemistry , Mathematical Sciences , and Physics . The college is expanding efforts in neuroscience , green chemistry , bioinformatics , computational biology , nanotechnology , computational finance , cosmology , sensor research , and biological physics . It also offers an undergraduate Bachelor of Science and Arts ( BSA ) degree in conjunction with the College of Fine Arts . [ 129 ] Inside the Gates-Hillman Complex of the School of Computer Science . The School of Computer Science : Carnegie Mellon helped define , and continually redefines , the field of computer science . The School of Computer Science is recognized internationally as one of the top schools for computer science [ 130 ] and has been consistently ranked the best in the country . The School of Computer Science includes seven departments : the Computer Science Department , Ray and Stephanie Lane Computational Biology Department , Robotics Institute , Machine Learning Department , the Human–Computer Interaction Institute , the Language Technologies Institute , and the Software and Societal Systems Department ( S3D ) . It additionally offers the undergraduate Bachelor of Computer Science and Arts ( BCSA ) degree in conjunction with the College of Fine Arts . [ 131 ] The Tepper School of Business ( formerly the Graduate School of Industrial Administration ) offers undergraduate programs in Business Administration and Economics ( the latter jointly with the Dietrich College ) , master 's degrees in Business Administration ( MBA ) , Product Management ( MSPM ) and joint degrees in Computational Finance ( MSCF ) with the Dietrich College of Humanities and Social Sciences , the Mellon College of Science , the Heinz College , and the School of Computer Science . In addition , joint degrees are offered with Civil and Environmental Engineering and the Heinz College . The Tepper School also offers doctoral degrees in several areas and presents a number of executive education programs . Following a $ 67 million donation from alumnus David A. Tepper in 2013 , the university expanded the undergraduate business program and named the school after him . In summer of 2015 , a new curriculum was formally instated . [ 132 ] Carnegie Mellon 's Entertainment Technology Center . Carnegie Mellon also runs the Integrative Design , Arts , and Technology ( IDeATe ) Network to provide university-wide arts and technology education to students from every college . IDeATe allows students to take minors or concentrations in Animation and Special Effects , Entrepreneurship for Creative Industries , Game Design , Intelligent Environments , Learning Media , Media Design , Physical Computing , and Sound Design . IDeAte will also offer graduate master 's degrees in Emerging Media , Game Design , Integrative Innovation for Products and Services , Computational Data Science , Urban Design , and Production Technology and Management . IDeATe also manages the Entertainment Technology Center ( ETC ) in conjunction with the School of Computer Science and the College of Fine Arts . Each master 's degree program has an option to study in the CMU Integrative Media Program ( IMP ) at Steiner Studios in New York City . IDeATe Network will be based on the Pittsburgh campus upon the development of recently acquired property on Forbes Avenue west of Junction Hollow . [ 133 ] In addition to research and academic institutions , the university hosts several other educationally driven programs . The Pennsylvania Governor 's School for the Sciences , a state-funded summer program that aims to foster interest in science amongst gifted high school students is run on campus every summer . The university also runs Carnegie Mellon Pre-College , a six-week residential program for rising juniors and seniors in high school and the Summer Academy for Math and Science ( SAMS ) , a free-of-charge STEM immersion program for students from underrepresented backgrounds . The Cyert Center for Early Education is a child care center for Carnegie Mellon faculty and staff , as well as an observational setting for students in child development courses . Carnegie Mellon also developed the Open Learning Initiative which provides free courses online in a variety of fields to students globally . Libraries [ edit ] Hunt Library is the largest library on Carnegie Mellon 's Pittsburgh campus . The Libraries of Carnegie Mellon include Hunt Library , the Roger Sorrells Engineering & Science Library , the Mellon Institute Library , the Posner Center , and the Qatar Library . Additionally , the Libraries ' Million Book Project ( 2001– ) sparked development of the Universal Digital Library . The university libraries host a number of full text special collections for public access , including the Andrew Carnegie Collection , Herbert A. Simon Collection , Allen Newell Collection , the H. John Heinz III Collection , the Pittsburgh Jewish Newspapers Project , and the Posner Memorial Collection . Carnegie Mellon students and faculty have access to the Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh and some University of Pittsburgh libraries through consortial agreements with those institutions . The Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation ( HIBD ) , [ 134 ] dedicated as the Rachel McMasters Miller Hunt Botanical Library in 1961 , has been a research division of CMU since its founding . The HIBD is an international bibliographical research and service in the fields of botany , horticulture , and the history of the plant sciences and has a significant research library and art holdings on the 5th floor of Hunt Library . The university 's Software Engineering Institute also houses a research library . Carnegie Mellon also manages the Naval Reserve Officer Training Corps in Pittsburgh on which students throughout Pittsburgh 's universities rely . Carnegie Mellon partners with the University of Pittsburgh to provide opportunities in Army Reserve Officers ' Training Corps and Air Force Reserve Officer Training Corps to its students . Carnegie Mellon is accredited by the Middle States Commission on Higher Education . [ 135 ] Collaboration with the University of Pittsburgh [ edit ] Carnegie Mellon neighbors the campus of the University of Pittsburgh , and in some cases , buildings of the two universities are intermingled . This helps to facilitate myriad academic and research collaborations between the two schools , [ 136 ] including such projects as the Pittsburgh Supercomputing Center , the Pittsburgh Life Sciences Greenhouse , the Immune Modeling Center , the Center for the Neural Basis of Cognition , the University of Pittsburgh Cancer Institute , as well as the National Science Foundation-supported Pittsburgh Science of Learning Center . [ 137 ] [ 138 ] Further , the universities also offer multiple dual and joint degree programs such as the Medical Scientist Training Program , the Molecular Biophysics and Structural Biology Graduate Program , the Joint CMU-Pitt Ph.D . Program in Computational Biology , the Center for Neural Basis of Cognition , and the Law and Business Administration program . Some professors hold joint professorships between the two schools , and students at each university may take classes at the other ( with appropriate approvals ) . [ 139 ] CMU students and faculty also have access to the University of Pittsburgh library system , as well as the Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh . The two universities also co-host academic conferences , such as the 2012 Second Language Research Forum . [ 140 ] In 2015 , in conjunction with the University of Pittsburgh and UPMC , Carnegie Mellon became a partner of the Pittsburgh Health Data Alliance to leverage data analysis in health care . [ 141 ] Discoveries and innovation [ edit ] Simplified evolution of Unix systems . The Mach kernel was a fork from BSD 4.3 that led to NeXTSTEP / OPENSTEP , upon which macOS and iOS is based . Natural sciences [ edit ] Electron diffraction – Clinton Davisson won the 1937 Nobel Prize in Physics for his discovery of electron diffraction in the famous Davisson–Germer experiment , which confirmed the de Broglie hypothesis that particles of matter