botany , horticulture , and the history of the plant sciences and has a significant research library and art holdings on the 5th floor of Hunt Library . The university 's Software Engineering Institute also houses a research library . Carnegie Mellon also manages the Naval Reserve Officer Training Corps in Pittsburgh on which students throughout Pittsburgh 's universities rely . Carnegie Mellon partners with the University of Pittsburgh to provide opportunities in Army Reserve Officers ' Training Corps and Air Force Reserve Officer Training Corps to its students . Carnegie Mellon is accredited by the Middle States Commission on Higher Education . [ 135 ] Collaboration with the University of Pittsburgh [ edit ] Carnegie Mellon neighbors the campus of the University of Pittsburgh , and in some cases , buildings of the two universities are intermingled . This helps to facilitate myriad academic and research collaborations between the two schools , [ 136 ] including such projects as the Pittsburgh Supercomputing Center , the Pittsburgh Life Sciences Greenhouse , the Immune Modeling Center , the Center for the Neural Basis of Cognition , the University of Pittsburgh Cancer Institute , as well as the National Science Foundation-supported Pittsburgh Science of Learning Center . [ 137 ] [ 138 ] Further , the universities also offer multiple dual and joint degree programs such as the Medical Scientist Training Program , the Molecular Biophysics and Structural Biology Graduate Program , the Joint CMU-Pitt Ph.D . Program in Computational Biology , the Center for Neural Basis of Cognition , and the Law and Business Administration program . Some professors hold joint professorships between the two schools , and students at each university may take classes at the other ( with appropriate approvals ) . [ 139 ] CMU students and faculty also have access to the University of Pittsburgh library system , as well as the Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh . The two universities also co-host academic conferences , such as the 2012 Second Language Research Forum . [ 140 ] In 2015 , in conjunction with the University of Pittsburgh and UPMC , Carnegie Mellon became a partner of the Pittsburgh Health Data Alliance to leverage data analysis in health care . [ 141 ] Discoveries and innovation [ edit ] Simplified evolution of Unix systems . The Mach kernel was a fork from BSD 4.3 that led to NeXTSTEP / OPENSTEP , upon which macOS and iOS is based . Natural sciences [ edit ] Electron diffraction – Clinton Davisson won the 1937 Nobel Prize in Physics for his discovery of electron diffraction in the famous Davisson–Germer experiment , which confirmed the de Broglie hypothesis that particles of matter have a wave-like nature , which is a central tenet of quantum mechanics . In particular , their observation of diffraction allowed the first measurement of a wavelength for electrons . Kevlar – Developed by Stephanie Kwolek at DuPont in 1965 , the high-strength material was first used commercially in the early 1970s as a replacement for steel in racing tires . Kevlar has many applications , ranging from bicycle tires and racing sails to bulletproof vests , all due to its high tensile strength-to-weight ratio ; by this measure , it is five times stronger than steel . Spectroscopy – John L. Hall won the 2005 Nobel Prize in Physics with Theodor W. Hänsch and Roy J. Glauber for his pioneering work on laser-based precision spectroscopy and the optical frequency comb technique . Neutron scattering – Clifford G. Shull was awarded the 1994 Nobel Prize in Physics with Canadian Bertram Brockhouse for their pioneering work in neutron scattering , a technique that reveals where atoms are within a material like ricocheting bullets reveal where obstacles are in the dark . Computer and applied sciences [ edit ] Alice ( software ) – freeware ( for non-commercial purposes ) object-based educational programming language with an integrated development environment ( IDE ) . [ 142 ] Andrew Project – distributed computing environment developed at Carnegie Mellon beginning in 1982 . It was an ambitious project for its time and resulted in an unprecedentedly vast and accessible university computing infrastructure . The goal was to have connected 3M computer workstations . [ 143 ] Artificial intelligence – Several of the first AI software programs were created at Carnegie Mellon . These include the Logic Theorist , General Problem Solver , and Soar . Autonomous vehicle – Navlab , the first autonomous car program was developed by Carnegie Mellon . Since then , H1ghlander and Sandstorm autonomous vehicles were developed at Carnegie Mellon and placed 3rd and 2nd in the DARPA Grand Challenge and Carnegie Mellon 's Boss won the DARPA Grand Challenge ( 2007 ) . [ 144 ] The university continues to be a leader in autonomous research and development . Dynamic random-access memory – In 1966 , Robert H. Dennard invented the one-transistor memory cell consisting of a transistor and a capacitor for which a patent was issued in 1968 . It became the basis for today 's dynamic random-access memory ( DRAM ) . MEMS – Harvey C. Nathanson invented the first MEMS ( micro-electro-mechanical systems ) device of the type now found in products ranging from iPhones to automobiles . Typical MEMS devices include the accelerometers found in smartphones and video game controllers , and the gyroscopes used in automobiles and wearables . Xerox PARC – Founded in 1969 by George Pake and Jack Goldman , Xerox PARC has been at the heart of numerous revolutionary computer developments as laser printing , Ethernet , the modern personal computer , graphical user interface ( GUI ) and desktop paradigm , object-oriented programming , ubiquitous computing , electronic paper , amorphous silicon ( a-Si ) applications , the computer mouse , and advancing very-large-scale integration ( VLSI ) for semiconductors . BLISS – system programming language developed at Carnegie Mellon by W. A. Wulf , D. B. Russell , and A. N. Habermann around 1970 . It was perhaps the best known systems programming language until C made its debut in 1972 . [ 145 ] Emoticon – The first true emoticon was developed at Carnegie Mellon by Scott Fahlman in 1982 . Hashtag – In a 2007 tweet , Chris Messina proposed vertical/associational grouping of messages , trends , and events on Twitter by the means of hashtags . Java – class-based object oriented programming language that was originally developed by James Gosling at Sun Microsystems ( which has since been acquired by Oracle ) and released in 1995 as a core component of Sun Microsystems ' Java platform . Mach ( kernel ) – Richard Rashid and Avie Tevanian developed Mach at Carnegie Mellon from 1985 to 1994 , ending with Mach 3.0 , which is a true microkernel . Mach was developed as a replacement for the kernel in the BSD version of Unix , so no new operating system would have to be designed around it . Experimental research on Mach appears to have ended , although Mach and its derivatives exist within a number of commercial operating systems . These include NeXTSTEP and OPENSTEP , upon which macOS and iOS are based . [ 146 ] Wi-Fi network – Alex Hills created the first wi-fi network using a local area network ( LAN ) on the Carnegie Mellon campus in 1993 . [ 147 ] [ 148 ] Companies and entrepreneurship [ edit ] The Swartz Center for Entrepreneurship acts as Carnegie Mellon 's startup accelerator . Jim Swartz , co-founder of Accel Partners , pledged $ 31 Million to establish a hub for university wide entrepreneurial activities . His gift is the fifth largest Carnegie Mellon has received . In 2016 , the center opened providing a business incubator and makerspace . [ 149 ] The center employs Entrepreneurs-in-Residence who mentor founders of early stage companies consisting of students , faculty , and alumni . [ 150 ] Startups work on their ideas throughout the year culminating at an annual Demo Day where they showcase their company to the public . [ 151 ] Carnegie Mellon 's alumni , faculty , and staff have founded many notable companies , some of which are shown below . [ 152 ] [ 153 ] Activision Blizzard , 1979 ( as Activision ) , founding CEO Jim Levy ( B.S. , M.S. ) . Adobe Systems , 1982 , co-founder Charles Geschke ( Ph.D. ) . Sun Microsystems , 1982 , co-founders Vinod Khosla ( M.S . ) and Andy Bechtolsheim ( M.S. ) . Accel Partners , 1983 , co-founder Jim Swartz ( M.S. ) . NeXT , 1985 , co-founding VP Engineering Avie Tevanian ( M.S. , Ph.D. ) . Transarc , 1989 , co-founders Alfred Spector ( Professor ) , Jeffrey Eppinger ( B.S. , M.S. , Ph.D. ) , Mike Kazar ( Ph.D. ) , Dean Thompson ( B.S. ) . FORE Systems , 1990 , co-founders Francois Bitz ( B.S. , M.S . ) , Onat Menzilcioglu ( M.S. , Ph.D. ) , Robert Sansum ( Ph.D. ) and Eric C. Cooper ( Professor ) . Microsoft Research , 1991 , founder Richard Rashid ( Professor ) IDEO , 1991 , founder David M. Kelley ( B.S. ) . Appaloosa Management , 1993 , founder David Tepper ( M.B.A ) . Red Hat , 1993 , co-founder Marc Ewing ( B.S. ) . Cognizant , 1994 , co-founder Francisco D'Souza ( M.B.A ) . Juniper Networks , 1996 , founder Pradeep Sindhu ( Ph.D. ) . Symphony Technology Group , 2002 , founder Romesh Wadhwani ( Ph.D. ) . Astrobotic Technology , 2007 , founder Red Whittaker ( M.S. , Ph.D. , Professor ) . Google X , 2010 , co-founders Sebastian Thrun ( Professor ) , Yoky Matsuoka ( Professor ) , and Astro Teller ( Ph.D. ) . Nest , 2010 , co-founder Matt Rogers ( B.S. , M.S. ) . Duolingo , 2011 , founders Luis von Ahn ( Ph.D. , Professor ) & Severin Hacker ( Ph.D. ) . Coursera , 2012 , founder Andrew Ng ( B.S. ) . Defense Innovation Unit , 2015 , founder Maynard Holliday ( B.S . ) Argo AI , 2016 , co-founder Peter Rander ( M.S. , Ph.D. ) . Nuro , 2016 , co-founder Dave Ferguson ( M.S. , Ph.D. ) . Aurora Innovation , 2017 , co-founder Chris Urmson ( Ph.D. ) . Student life [ edit ] Student body composition as of May 2 , 2022 Race and ethnicity [ 154 ] Total Asian 35 % 35 White 25 % 25 Foreign national 16 % 16 Other [ a ] 11 % 11 Hispanic 9 % 9 Black 4 % 4 Economic diversity Low-income [ b ] 15 % 15 Affluent [ c ] 85 % 85 Carnegie Mellon 's student life includes over 400 student organizations , art galleries , and various unique traditions . Student organizations provide social , service , media , academic , spiritual , recreational , sport , religious , political , cultural , and governance opportunities . Carnegie Mellon 's campus houses several galleries such as The Frame , a student-devoted gallery , and the Regina Gouger Miller Gallery , an art gallery that specializes in contemporary professional artists . The Carnegie Mellon School of Music , Carnegie Mellon School of Drama , and the student-run theatrical organization Scotch ' n'Soda provides campus with a variety of performance arts events . The university has a strong Scottish motif inspired by Andrew Carnegie 's Scottish heritage , as well as the Mellon family 's Scots-Irish ancestry . Examples include Scotty , the Scottish Terrier mascot , The Tartan student newspaper , Skibo Gymnasium , The Thistle yearbook , and the Céilidh weekend every fall semester for homecoming . [ 155 ] Traditions [ edit ] Main article : Carnegie Mellon University traditions The Fence In the early days of Carnegie Tech , there was a single bridge connecting Margaret Morrison Women 's College with the Carnegie Institute of Technology . The bridge was a meeting place for students . In 1916 , the bridge was taken down and the university filled in the area . The administration built a wooden fence as a new meeting place . The students did not understand why anyone would want to meet at a fence . The administration was about to give up and tear it down , but that night a fraternity , as a prank , painted the entire fence advertising a fraternity party . Ever since , painting the Fence has been a Carnegie Mellon tradition . [ 156 ] The Fence at Carnegie Mellon lies at the center of campus , in the area known as `` the Cut '' . Students guard the fence 24 hours a day , and , as long as two vigils are maintained , no other student may `` take '' the fence . The fence can then be painted by the group that has it , but only between midnight and 6 am . Only hand brushes may be used ; the use of spray paint or paint rollers is considered vandalism and results in a fine . The previous paint can not be stripped , and each new painting adds a new layer . The original wooden fence finally collapsed in the 1990s due to the weight from over 1 ' of surrounding paint , and was immediately replaced with an identical one manufactured from concrete . Today the fence is considered `` the world 's most painted object '' by the Guinness Book of World Records . [ 157 ] Housing [ edit ] Carnegie Mellon offers conventional housing for its students through single-gender , coresidential , and special interest options . Students can choose from a variety of housing options . The four options for students are traditional , semi-suite , suite , and apartments . The Traditional is a typical college dormitory setting , a long hallway with a series of 1-3 person rooms and a community bathroom shared with an entire floor or wing . Semi-Suite offers more privacy through 1-4 person rooms with 3-5 residents sharing one semi-private bathroom . Suite is similar to Semi-Suite but contains additional bedrooms , a bathroom , and living room/lounge area shared with 3-8 other residents . Apartments are shared between 1-3 people and may contain additional bedrooms , a semi-private bathroom , a living room , and kitchen shared with the other residents . Upperclassmen have additional options for housing , which include town houses and a larger variety of one or two bedroom apartments . [ 158 ] There are 27 residential buildings on campus and even more off campus . [ 159 ] First-year students are assigned to the dedicated first-year residence halls on campus including Morewood E-Tower , Morewood Gardens , Residence on Fifth , Shirley Apartments , as well as Boss , Donner , Hamerschlag , McGill , Mudge , Scobell , and Stever Houses . Approximately one-third of upperclassmen choose to continue living on campus through university housing . Options for upperclassmen include Fifth & Clyde , Morewood Gardens , West Wing , Doherty , Fairfax , Margaret Morrison , Fifth Neville , Shady Oak , Shirley , Forbes & Beeler , and Woodlawn Apartments as well as Henderson , Resnik , Roselawn , Spirit , Tech , Webster , and Welch Houses . [ 160 ] Fraternities and sororities [ edit ] Main article : Fraternities and sororities at Carnegie Mellon University The Greek tradition at Carnegie Mellon began over 100 years ago with the founding of the first fraternity on campus , Theta Xi , in 1912 . The Panhellenic sorority community was founded in 1945 , by Chi Omega , Delta Delta Delta , Delta Gamma , Kappa Alpha Theta , and Kappa Kappa Gamma . The Chi Omega chapter at Carnegie Mellon transformed into an independent sorority , Zeta Psi Sigma , and has since become Alpha Chi Omega . The Alpha Phi chapter was created in April 2013 . There are two Asian American interest sororities – Alpha Kappa Delta Phi and Kappa Phi Lambda – , and one Asian American interest fraternity – Lambda Phi Epsilon . Carnegie Mellon has eleven active fraternities : Alpha Epsilon Pi , Alpha Phi Alpha , Alpha Sigma Phi , Delta Tau Delta , Lambda Phi Epsilon , Phi Delta Theta , Pi Kappa Alpha , Sigma Alpha Epsilon , Sigma Chi , Sigma Nu , and Sigma Phi Epsilon . In addition to participating in campus traditions such as Buggy and Booth , the fraternities and sororities hold an annual fundraiser called Greek Sing , one of the largest Greek events of the year . Every two years , the organizations vote on a cause to support and raise money through ticket sales , ad sales , corporate sponsorships and donations . Each organization performs a 13-minute-long original show or a rendition of a popular show . In spring 2010 , Greek Sing raised over $ 42,000 for St. Jude Children 's Research . Specialized Communities [ edit ] In 2022 , Welch House began to host the specialized Queer community , a living community suited to the needs of non-binary students by allowing students to `` live in the same room with any other student inclusive of sex assigned at birth , gender identity , gender expression , and/or sexual orientation '' . [ 161 ] Welch House consists of semi-suite singles and doubles . In addition , Stever House hosts an all-gender floor for students who would prefer a traditional double . Spirit House is a residential community for upperclassmen designated for members of the SPIRIT student organization , a Black Student Union that serves as a haven for Black students within the Carnegie Mellon community and champions issues facing the Black community . [ 162 ] Athletics [ edit ] The Carnegie Mellon Tartans were a founding member of the University Athletic Association of NCAA Division III . Prior to World War II , Carnegie Mellon ( as Carnegie Tech ) played with what are now classified as NCAA Division I teams . In 1936 , the Carnegie Tech riflery team won the national intercollegiate championship . [ 163 ] The Carnegie Tech men 's basketball team was a member of the Eastern Intercollegiate Conference throughout the conference 's existence from 1932 to 1939 [ 164 ] and won the conference championship in 1936 , defeating Pittsburgh in a conference championship playoff game . [ 165 ] Carnegie Mellon tennis courts Varsity teams are fielded in basketball , track , cross country , football , golf , soccer , swimming and diving , volleyball , tennis , and softball . In addition , club teams exist in ultimate frisbee , [ 166 ] rowing , [ 167 ] rugby , lacrosse , hockey , [ 168 ] baseball , [ 169 ] softball , skiing & snowboarding , [ 170 ] soccer , volleyball , water polo , [ 171 ] and cycling . [ 172 ] Carnegie Mellon Athletics runs a comprehensive and popular intramural system , maintains facilities ( primarily Skibo Gymnasium , Cohon University Center , Gesling Stadium , and the future Highmark Center for Health , Wellness and Athletics ) , and offers courses to students in fitness and sports . Carnegie Mellon 's primary athletic rivals are fellow UAA schools Case Western Reserve University and Washington University in St. Louis ; the Tartans had an especially intense rivalry with the latter 's football team from the 2000s