the back . Poetry Lounge The stage is small , the entrance looks like a house and there 's wood paneling all over the place . And , it 's absolutely perfect . I was initially so bummed out when Whisper Nest ( one of my favorite Millvale Music Festival locations ) was closing , but Poetry Lounge reinvented this space and made it even better . All of the decor and vibes I loved remained the same , but the new owners added even more live music and some exciting new cocktails to keep this a happening place for the local music scene in and around Millvale . Pro Tip : Follow their Insta account for the weekly lineup of poetry slams , dance parties , DJs and live music . If the venue looks like this from the outside , you know the music inside is going to rock . Crafthouse Crafthouse is my go-to when I want a good meal , a big selection of craft beer and a fun night of music with my friends . I love getting here early and enjoying apps and drinks during the opening acts in the spacious bar and dining room , then moseying down to the 500-capacity stage for the main act . Crafthouse gets in a bit of everything , from local cover bands to electronic , country , alt and more , so keep an eye on their ever-changing events calendar . Pro Tips : Wingerogies . Do I have your attention ? Pittsburgh 's favorite dumpling , fried and tossed with the wing sauce of your choice and served with ranch or bleu cheese . Mangia ! Also , parking can get full here quickly , but do n't park at business lots next door . Do street parking in the neighborhood instead where permitted . Jergel 's With live music almost every night , Jergel 's is another great example of buffeting your 500-person venue with a sit-down restaurant concept that makes this an all-night affair . Just in case you 're not into the music that night , there 's also an outdoor patio with fire pits , a cigar and scotch bar , and televisions everywhere to keep you occupied . Pro Tip : Head up to the balcony . You can get almost directly above the stage for an unmatched view of the musicians and the sound is even better up there . View this post on Instagram A post shared by Fleischkrieg ( @ fleischkrieg ) Preserving Underground Pittsburgh 's hardcore/metal scene is frankly one of the best-kept secrets in the city , and the rapid expansion of Preserving in New Kensington is quickly helping to change that . This now three-in-one venue , plus a record store , can do everything from the 800-person venue framed by stained glass in a reclaimed church to basement shows seating 300 and an intimate DIY space . Despite the energy of the performances , the hardcore community is full of the nicest people I 've ever met . So do n't be afraid to get in the pit and be active during the show . View this post on Instagram A post shared by Bloody Run | Metal Band ( @ bloodyrun_band ) Con Alma Pittsburgh 's jazz legacy is a story we love to tell at VisitPITTSBURGH . While the most famous venues on the Hill District that helped spawn countless careers are now closed , Con Alma Downtown keeps this heritage alive . Every night of the week , Con Alma has world-class jazz musicians playing just feet away from a top-ranked bar and food that is consistently named one of the best bites in the Burgh . MCG Jazz Furthering our jazz legacy each month are the talented acts brought in by MCG Jazz , a 350-seat venue that brings in legends and emerging artists of the scene . MCG Jazz usually hosts a few shows per month , and audiophiles will love the attention to fidelity in this venue , which regularly churns out incredible albums and live recordings ( albums produced here have won 5 GRAMMY awards ) . View this post on Instagram A post shared by MCG Jazz ( @ mcgjazz ) Enclave One of the hottest night clubs in the South Side , Enclave goes all out as a performance venue with lighting , effects and sound that rivals venues twice the size . This in turn attracts the attention nationally touring DJs , EDM artists and more that fill out their concerts list , with house DJs and other special events making each weekend a party . View this post on Instagram A post shared by Enclave ( @ enclavepgh ) The Original Pittsburgh Winery Wine casks serve as a very fitting backdrop to the myriad of performers who grace the stage of The Cellar , the Original Pittsburgh Winery 's full-fledged music venue located right under their tasting room . Live music also happens multiple times per week in their tasting room , allowing you to see local performers and national touring acts all in one piece while you enjoy some of the best wine in the state . View this post on Instagram A post shared by The Original Pittsburgh Winery ( @ pghwinery ) The Oaks Theater The Jewel of Oakmont continues to shine just as brightly as when it opened in 1938 . This movie theatre is still a great place to catch a special screening , but The Oaks Theater has evolved into a happening live music space bringing in local powerhouses and national acts which quickly sell out . Stay in the know on their events page . View this post on Instagram A post shared by The Oaks Theater ( @ theoakstheater ) Squirrel Hill Sports Bar While the rest of us were cooped up inside during the pandemic , the Squirrel Hill Sports Bar was expanding into a 225-capacity venue . Enjoy live music that includes local artists and specialty themed nights ranging from emo to anime kpop at this local gem . View this post on Instagram A post shared by Squirrel Hill Sports Bar ( @ sqhillsportsbar ) The Crafty Jackalope These are n't necessarily ticketed concerts , but The Crafty Jackalope in Bridgeville is one of those great restaurants where you can hear live music a few times per week as you enjoy your meal . And , with a stunning beer selection and great wings , you 'll see why this neighborhood hotspot is less of a hidden gem each week . View this post on Instagram A post shared by James Beswick ( @ iamjim93 ) Cobra Your next night out can be all in one place at Cobra , which innovates with Japanese BBQ for dinner followed by live DJs on Friday and Saturday nights . The sound system here is impeccable ( they use the pioneering Void Acoustics system ) which draws in some of the top names in house , trap , EDM , hip-hop and more to live events here . View this post on Instagram A post shared by Cobra Parties Every Friday & Saturday ( @ cobranights ) Kelly Strayhorn Theater A place of community . experimentation and collective action , Kelly Strayhorn Theater makes a mark with innovative workshops , classes , performances and more throughout the year . The venue also serves as an iconic live music stage in the heart of East Liberty with one-of-a-kind programming including the Pittsburgh Composers ' Project concert celebrating local creators . View this post on Instagram A post shared by Kelly Strayhorn Theater ( @ kstheater ) The Underground Located beneath the oldest standing gay bar in Pittsburgh , The Underground is a subterranean escape containing one of the best new venues in the Burgh . Follow their Insta for updates on upcoming discotech , club nights and end of the week dance parties in this welcoming , inclusive space where you can be you . View this post on Instagram A post shared by Brewer 's Bar + Hotel ( @ brewerspittsburgh ) Stage AE As we transition into some of the bigger live music venues on this list , it 's worth putting the spotlight on Stage AE , maybe the most perfect mid-size venue that 's ever been created . During warmer months , this is the place to see tons of national touring acts outside and with a nice lawn space . During colder months , the indoor vibe here can still fit major acts with incredible sound fidelity and lighting , or scaled all the way down to their Club at Stage AE experience for smaller acts . Besides Smalls and Roxian , this is the venue I probably end up going to the most . There 's a huge variety of genres that pass through here and the live experience somehow manages to still feel intimate even with 5,000 others around you . Pro Tip : Add the Quick Pass to your tickets and avoid waiting in line hours in advance to get to the front row for GA shows . This add on gives you your own line and easy entry to the venue . UPMC Events Center With seating for 4,000 , the UPMC Events Center on the RMU campus in Moon Township is the best large venue you have yet to see a show at . Opened in 2019 , this event venue transforms into a full concert experience with full load-ins for nationally touring acts , local legends and comedians . And do n't worry about this being a college campus ; their concourse offers full concessions and seasonal beer offerings to keep the party going . Pro Tip : Parking is free here ! Howl at the Moon The possibilities of live music and theatre surround you in the cultural district , but for a guaranteed good night out , Howl at the Moon should be your Downtown destination . This dueling piano bar brings hilarious and high-quality live entertainment and is perfect for those that want to dance and be involved with the show , plus a rotating list of drink specials and themed holiday nights also make it a great stop for parties , corporate events and more . Hard Rock Cafe Baseball , apple pie , and Hard Rock Cafe . These American institutions have been around for a reason , and our Hard Rock location in Station Square offers beautiful city reviews , a variety of live music from local performers , unplugged brunch acoustic events , karaoke and more . Plus , you ca n't beat the views from our south shore for a scenic view of the city . Rivers Casino While most people think of casinos for gambling , drinks and great food , Rivers Casino also provides a ton of live entertainment to patrons . National acts like Styx and DJ Pauly D have filled their Events Center , but my favorite venue here is their Drum Bar accented by an 80-foot lighting feature . Free acts of Pittsburgh local favorites like Jeff Jimerson and Chris Higbee pack this events calendar , making your night out even more fun , even if you do n't gamble . August Wilson Cultural Center With a permanent exhibit to August Wilson and rotating exhibits to other nationally recognized artists , the August Wilson African American Cultural Center also boasts an impressive 500-seat venue increasingly being used to bring even more live music to Pittsburgh . They kick off the Blues & Heritage Festival here yearly and their music series Soul Sessions brings in jazz , soul , funk , blues and other artists to this smaller venue where there 's not a bad seat in the house . Cultural District Theaters Who knows what you might see in our vibrant Cultural District , full of gorgeous theaters that entertain with Broadway productions , magic shows and much more . Heinz Hall is the home of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra , and this 2,600+ seat venue is a dream for concert goers with perfect acoustics and plush seating . This venue also will bring in national touring acts and holiday concerts , too . The Benedum Center has been restored to its 1928 glory and is one of the poshest venues on this list . While home to the Pittsburgh Opera , this 2,800-seat venue also sees a variety of music acts perform here throughout the year . The Byham is smaller at 1,300 seats , and where you can see productions from the Bridge Theater Series , Pittsburgh Dance Council and Pittsburgh Musical Theater , but keep an eye on their events calendar for specialty concerts too , like a special Herbie Hancock performance in 2024 . And do n't count out Greer Cabaret Theater , newly renovated and with ability to have inspired food and drink options brought to your table as you enjoy the show . There 's free live music here weekly including jazz , quintets , drums and more . PPG Paints Arena Ok , now we 're getting into the big , BIG arena shows . While Penguins hockey is usually taking the ice inside , PPG Paints Arena easily converts into a home for Monster Jam , Disney on Ice , WWE and a fantastic lineup of stadium touring music acts , seating 15-20k depending on where the stage is . Trans-Siberian Orchestra always puts on a spectacle here yearly ( I like to sit on the sides so I do n't miss a thing ) while the rest of the acts include classics like the Boss and Iron Maiden to Fallout Boy , Travis Scott and Greta Van Fleet . Pro Tip : With a newly upgraded sound system , PPG now has the best audio fidelity for any venue this size . Any excuse to add Blink 182 to my blog is a good one < 3 Petersen Events Center The home of Pitt DI Basketball doubles as a 9,000+ seat venue for live music , and no matter which artist I 've seen there , this place never disappoints . Despite being almost double the size of Stage AE , it still manages to feel like you 're close to the artist no matter where you sit , and the venue lends itself to some of the more creative stage setups to make concerts here always just a bit more memorable than anywhere else . Pro Tip : Do n't wait in that huge line going downhill outside of the venue . Head to the other line that wraps around the building instead to save your calves . Acrisure Stadium The home of the Steelers also transforms into the biggest live music venue in the city for unforgettable shows from the world 's top performers on the North Shore . Taylor Swift set the record here in 2023 when her Eras Tour brought in a whopping 73,117 Swifties on night two of her stay . When you want to see the biggest acts on the planet with amazing pyrotechnics and unbelievably stage setups , it does n't get better than Acrisure . Pro Tip : Leave the bags at home and give yourself time to get through the gates . Photo Credit : @ Lenkmel on Insta PNC Park Crowds at the home of the Pirates range from 35-45k fans in attendance , with the stage usually placed in the outfield so seats can fill the infield and utilize all the normal seating for the show . You can expect to see a country concert or two plus a touring classic rock act here each summer , but the real winner here is always watching the sunset with our skyline as a backdrop . Pro Tips : As far as food goes , this is one venue I highly recommend eating at ! Stick to the outfield walls for my favorite stadium bites . Do n't be afraid to go to a Pirates game and test out your seat and view to the outfield and avoid any sections that might have you turned more towards the infield . Music Festivals , Breweries & More The live music continues to fill Pittsburgh on a nightly basis . I 've covered as many venues as possible that lend themselves to live music , but that does n't mean you wo n't find great music other places . Bars throughout the city often will have a DJ or rock act for you to enjoy , breweries will be jamming with as many live acts as they have food trucks , and oftentimes you 'll find an artist just performing in Market Square for free . And remember to keep an eye on our packed list of music festivals throughout the year which celebrate our unique neighborhoods and all of the musical influences that make our city special . Hope to see you in the pit ! Related Blogs Upcoming Concerts in Pittsburgh Plan your 2024 fall concert lineup at iconic Pittsburgh venues . Learn More Pittsburgh Music Festivals To Jam To Pittsburgh hosts a number of fantastic music festivals throughout the year . Make plans to catch a few of these must-see events . Learn More A Mac Miller Fan ’ s Guide to Pittsburgh ​In the world of hip-hop , few artists have left a mark as indelible as Mac Miller Learn More Pittsburgh ’ s Northside Music Festival The Northside 's Free Music Festival Returns July 12-14 , 2024 in Deutschtown Learn More Credit | Megan McGinnis A Country Girl Can Survive | Country Concert Itinerary As Shania Twain once said , “ Let ’ s Go Girls ! ” Learn More Keep on Rockin ’ at The Oaklander Recording Studio Write Your Own Story One Note at a Time Learn More Author Jared B . Enthusiastic Pittsburgher Always in search of the next great craft beer and arcade . Can be found in the Supporters Section of Pittsburgh Riverhounds games and at whatever festival is happening in the city . Related Content : Save The Original Pittsburgh Winery 2809 Penn Ave. Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania 15222 Details Open in Google Maps Map The Original Pittsburgh Winery The Original Pittsburgh Winery 2809 Penn Ave. Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania 15222 ( 412 ) 566-1000 Details Website Save City Winery 1627 Smallman St. Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania 15222 Details Open in Google Maps Map City Winery City Winery 1627 Smallman St. Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania 15222 ( 412 ) 246-1000 Details Website Save Roxian Theatre 425 Chartiers Ave. McKees Rocks , Pennsylvania 15136 Details Open in Google Maps Map Roxian Theatre Roxian Theatre 425 Chartiers Ave. McKees Rocks , Pennsylvania 15136 ( 412 ) 690-0996 Details Website Save Hard Rock Cafe 230 W. Station Square Dr. Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania 15219 Details Open in Google Maps Map Hard Rock Café Hard Rock Cafe 230 W. Station Square Dr. Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania 15219 ( 412 ) 481-7625 Details Website Save Kelly Strayhorn Theater 5941 Penn Ave. Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania 15206 Details Open in Google Maps Map Kelly Strayhorn Theater Kelly Strayhorn Theater 5941 Penn Ave. Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania 15206 ( 412 ) 363-3000 Details Website Save UPMC Events Center at Robert Morris University 6001 University Blvd . Moon Township , Pennsylvania 15108 Details Open in Google Maps Map UPMC Events Center at Robert Morris University UPMC Events Center at Robert Morris University 6001 University Blvd . Moon Township , Pennsylvania 15108 ( 412 ) 397-2019 Details Website Save Stage AE 400 North Shore Dr. Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania 15212 Details Open