The National League 's Pittsburgh baseball club gains the then-unofficial nickname "Pirates". Duquesne University first fields its American football team . 1892 Carnegie Steel Company in business. St. Stanislaus Kostka Church built. The third Sixth Street Bridge is built by engineer Theodore Cooper for the Union Bridge Company. July 6: Homestead Steel Strike takes place. Young Women's Christian Association of Pittsburg and Allegheny founded. [ 16 ] [ 30 ] November 12: Pudge Heffelfinger becomes the first professional American football player, as a member of the Allegheny Athletic Association , in a game against the Pittsburgh Athletic Club . 1893 Children's Home of Pittsburgh established. Ben "Sport" Donnelly of the Allegheny Athletic Association becomes the first professional American football coach. Grant Dibert of the Pittsburg Athletic Club becomes the first American football player to sign and be kept under to the first known professional football contract. 1894 Fifth Avenue High School built. 1895 Carnegie Museums and Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh founded. Pittsburgh Arts Society founded. May 29: Schenley Park Casino opens September: The Duquesne Country and Athletic Club football team is formed. December 30: The very first ice hockey game is played inside the city, held at the Schenley Park Casino. 1896 Carnegie Museum of Natural History is established. Homestead Library & Athletic Club is established. November 17: The Pittsburgh-based Western Pennsylvania Hockey League began its inaugural season . December 17: Schenley Park Casino is destroyed by fire. December 18: Western Pennsylvania Hockey League suspends operations for the remainder of the season. No championship is awarded. The Duquesne Traction Company is renovated and opens as the Duquesne Gardens . 1897 Immaculate Heart of Mary Church dedicated. Station Square first opens as the Pittsburgh & Lake Erie Railroad Complex. 1898 William Chase Temple becomes the first-ever owner of an American football team when he takes over the payments of the Duquesne Country and Athletic Club team. Pittsburgh & Lake Erie Railroad Station built. Pittsburgh Zoo opens on Tuesday, 14 June 1898. Kennywood Park opens December 3: The Duquesne Country and Athletic Club defeats the Western Pennsylvania All-Stars in the very first all-star game for professional American football. The Western Pennsylvania Hockey League is re-established and use the Duquesne Gardens as their venue. The Pittsburgh Athletic Club goes on win the league's first title . 1899 April 4: the Duquesne Brewing Company is established. Pittsburgh Brewing Company formed. Pittsburgh Bankers ice hockey team is established. 1900 March: Pittsburgh Athletic Club wins their second title in the Western Pennsylvania Hockey League. Carnegie Technical Schools established. The Duquesne Country and Athletic Club football team folds. Homestead Library & Athletic Club football team wins the professional American football championship. Population: 321,616. [ 31 ] 20th century [ edit ] 1900s-1940s [ edit ] 1901 Pittsburgh Athletic Club wins their third title in the Western Pennsylvania Hockey League. The Pittsburgh Pirates win their first National League title . November 30:  The Homestead Library & Athletic Club football team wins the professional football championship. 1902 January 1: The Pittsburgh Railways Company is established. Ice hockey's Pittsburgh Victorias are established The Pittsburgh Keystones win the Western Pennsylvania Hockey League title. Harry Peel , of the Pittsburgh Keystones admits that he was paid $35 a week to play in the Western Pennsylvania Hockey League, becoming one of the first openly professional ice hockey players. Pittsburgh Railways Company and Children's Institute of Pittsburgh established. Frick Building constructed. The Pittsburgh Pirates win their second National League title . November 29: The Pittsburg Stars win the first National Football League's championship. 1903 The Pittsburgh Bankers win their first Western Pennsylvania Hockey League title. Union Station , Wabash Tunnel , and McCreery's department store [ 20 ] open. The Pittsburgh Pirates win their third National League title . October 1–13: The first modern World Series is played between the Pittsburgh Pirates and the Boston Americans . 1904 January 17: The Pittsburgh Keystones withdrew from the Western Pennsylvania Hockey League. The Pittsburgh Victorias win the title for the Western Pennsylvania Hockey League. Wabash Bridge built. Wabash Railroad begins operating. [ 32 ] July 31: Construction begins on Immaculate Heart of Mary Church Gayety Theater opens. The Western Pennsylvania Hockey League ceases operations. The Pittsburgh Victorias cease operations.