The New York Times . ISSN 0362-4331 . Retrieved 2023-11-08 . ^ "Historical Note | A Finding Aid to the Carnegie Institute, Museum of Art records, 1883-1962, bulk 1885-1962 | Digitized Collection" . www.aaa.si.edu . Retrieved 2022-02-03 . ^ "Oral history interview with Gordon Bailey Washburn, 1970 March 4-18" . www.aaa.si.edu . Retrieved 2022-02-03 . ^ "The Time of Arkus" . Pittsburgh Quarterly . Retrieved 2022-02-03 . ^ "John R. Lane, Class of 1966" . Alumni Awards . Retrieved 2022-02-03 . ^ Gangewere, Robert J. (2011-09-30). Palace of Culture: Andrew Carnegie's Museums and Library in Pittsburgh . University of Pittsburgh Press. ISBN 978-0-8229-7969-2 . ^ "Richard Armstrong becomes Director of Carnegie Museum of Art" . carnegiemuseums.org . Retrieved 2022-02-03 . ^ "Eric Crosby to Lead the Carnegie Museum of Art" . www.artforum.com . 28 February 2020 . Retrieved 2022-02-03 . External links [ edit ] Media related to Carnegie Museum of Art at Wikimedia Commons Official website A finding aid to the Carnegie Institute, Museum of Art records, 1883-1962, bulk 1885-1940, in the Archives of American Art, Smithsonian Institution "Carnegie Museum of Art" . v t e City of Pittsburgh Government Airport Convention Center City Hall Courthouse Mayor Council Events InterGov Police District Attorney Sheriff Fire Libraries Transit Education Parks Port Regional Economy Allegheny Conference Duquesne Club Chamber of Commerce Corporations Economic Club HYP Club Stock Exchange Other topics Colleges and universities Culture cookie table theatre Green Man Pittsburgh Parking Chair Picklesburgh Dialect Yinzer Flag Fictional settings Filming films television History name timeline Jewish history 2018 synagogue shooting Pittsburgh toilet Hospitals Media Museums Neighborhoods Nicknames Notable Pittsburghers Region combined statistical area Skyscrapers Sports Category v t e Museums in Pennsylvania Art Allentown Art Museum Andy Warhol Museum Athenaeum of Philadelphia Barnes Foundation Brandywine River Museum Carnegie Museum of Art The Clemente Museum Demuth Museum Deshong Art Museum Erie Art Museum The Frick Pittsburgh Institute of Contemporary Art, Philadelphia La Salle University Art Museum Mattress Factory Michener Art Museum Miller Gallery at Carnegie Mellon Palmer Museum of Art Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts Philadelphia Museum of Art Pittsburgh Glass Center Randyland Reading Public Museum Rodin Museum Susquehanna Art Museum Wayne Art Center Westmoreland Museum of American Art Woodmere Art Museum History, culture, and religion African American Museum in Philadelphia American Jewish Museum American Swedish Historical Museum Bicycle Heaven Civil War Museum of Philadelphia Erie Maritime Museum Gettysburg Museum Heinz History Center Independence National Historical Park Independence Hall Independence Seaport Museum Johnstown Flood Museum Masonic Library and Museum of Pennsylvania Meadowcroft Rockshelter Mercer Museum Museum of the American Revolution Museum of Indian Culture National Civil War Museum National Constitution Center Nationality Rooms Philadelphia History Museum Rosenbach Museum and Library State Museum of Pennsylvania U.S. Army Heritage and Education Center University of Pennsylvania Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology Weitzman National Museum of American Jewish History Science, technology, and industry Academy of Natural Sciences of Drexel University America on Wheels Carnegie Museum of Natural History Carnegie Science Center Center for PostNatural History Choo Choo Barn Da Vinci Science Center Delaware County Institute of Science Drake Well Museum Everhart Museum Franklin Institute Miniature Railroad & Village Mütter Museum National Toy Train Museum North Museum of Nature and Science Pennsylvania Anthracite Heritage Museum Railroad Museum of Pennsylvania Railroaders Memorial Museum Reading Railroad Heritage Museum Roadside America Science History Institute Steamtown National Historic Site Wagner Free Institute of Science Children's Children's Museum of Pittsburgh Please Touch Museum Authority control databases International ISNI 2 VIAF FAST National Germany United States France BnF data Norway Latvia Vatican Israel Academics CiNii Artists ULAN Other IdRef SNAC Retrieved from " https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Carnegie_Museum_of_Art&oldid=1237425594 " Categories : Carnegie Museum of Art 1896 establishments in Pennsylvania Andrew Carnegie Art museums and galleries established in 1896 Art museums and galleries in Pennsylvania Asian art museums in the United States Edward Larrabee Barnes buildings Institutions accredited by the American Alliance of Museums Modern art museums in the United States Museums in Pittsburgh Plaster cast collections Tourist attractions in Pittsburgh Hidden categories: Pages using gadget WikiMiniAtlas Webarchive template wayback links CS1 maint: location missing publisher Articles with a promotional tone from October 2019 All articles with a promotional tone Articles with short description Short description is different from Wikidata Infobox mapframe without OSM relation ID on Wikidata Coordinates on Wikidata Articles needing additional references from May 2021 All articles needing additional references All articles with unsourced statements Articles with unsourced statements from October 2022 Commons category link from Wikidata Official website different in Wikidata and Wikipedia Pages using the Kartographer extension This page was last edited on 29 July 2024, at 18:51 (UTC) . Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 License ; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. , a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Code of Conduct Developers Statistics Cookie statement Mobile view