Carnegie Mellon University traditions - Wikipedia Jump to content Main menu Main menu move to sidebar hide Navigation Main page Contents Current events Random article About Wikipedia Contact us Contribute Help Learn to edit Community portal Recent changes Upload file Search Search Donate Appearance Create account Log in Personal tools Create account Log in Pages for logged out editors learn more Contributions Talk Contents move to sidebar hide (Top) 1 Alma Mater Toggle Alma Mater subsection 1.1 Verses 1.1.1 First Verse 1.1.2 Second Verse 1.1.3 Third Verse 2 The Fence 3 Spring Carnival Toggle Spring Carnival subsection 3.1 Buggy races 3.2 Midway 3.3 Mobot 4 Kiltie Band Toggle Kiltie Band subsection 4.1 Cheers and lyrics 5 References 6 External links Toggle the table of contents Carnegie Mellon University traditions Add languages Add links Article Talk English Read Edit View history Tools Tools move to sidebar hide Actions Read Edit View history General What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Cite this page Get shortened URL Download QR code Wikidata item Print/export Download as PDF Printable version In other projects Appearance move to sidebar hide From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Carnegie Mellon University is home to a variety of unique traditions, some of which date back to the early days of its over 100-year history. Many of these traditions hearken to the university's strength in engineering, such as the buggy races and the mobots, while others are purely social in nature, such as Spring Carnival and The Fence. [ 1 ] Alma Mater [ edit ] "Alma Mater - Carnegie Mellon University" Song Written 1924 ( 1924 ) Genre Alma mater Composer(s) J. Vick O'Brien Lyricist(s) Charles J. Taylor The alma mater of Carnegie Mellon University was written by Charles J. Taylor and set to music by J. Vick O'Brien when the university was still named Carnegie Institute of Technology. The song was copyrighted by the institute in 1924. While not used as much as alma maters at some other universities, its alma mater plays a vital role in the culture and history of Carnegie Mellon University . It is sung at convocation ceremonies of incoming classes, commencement ceremonies of graduating classes, and other official events such as the investiture of new presidents. The university's Kiltie Band plays it at certain home games. The full song has three verses. Normally, only the first verse is performed. Verses [ edit ] First Verse [ edit ] The first verse references the history of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania where the university is located. In the late-18th Century, after the United States won its independence, the settlement at the present city of Pittsburgh was known as the frontier and the Gateway to the West. The verse describes the wilderness through which the westward-bound settlers traversed to reach their goal. The verse concludes with the proud allusion that Carnegie Mellon was founded by Andrew Carnegie . [ 2 ] Here where spangled wildernesses Robed the fountains of the west, Where the savage strife and stresses Brought the settlers' crimson quest; Land of legend, glory graces, Gypsy tide and toiling shore, 'Mid thy hilltops Alma Mater Stands enthroned forever more. All Hail Carnegie Alma Mater Stands enthroned forever more. Second Verse [ edit ] The second verse begins with Pittsburgh's role at the nation's inception. It references the history of the labor movement through the Antebellum Era and Gilded Age . Upon its founding in 1900, Andrew Carnegie had intended the university to be a vocational school for the children of the workers in his steel mills. As the university progressed, it embraced the arts as exemplified by the Carnegie Mellon School of Drama , the first degree-granting program in the country, while continuing to focus on its technical and scientific education. [ 2 ] The university maintains a strong collaborative culture among its constituent colleges ranging from the arts to the sciences. Here was heard the musket's rattle, 'Round us roll'd the thralling drum All is hush'd, no more they startle, Now we hear sweet labor's hum, Art and science rule our battle, In their pathway honor lies. Hail Carnegie Alma Mater Show the way that truth may rise! All Hail Carnegie Alma Mater Show the way that truth may rise! Third Verse [ edit ] The last verse references the university's dedication to academic excellence and high-quality teaching, alluding to its continued pursuit of collecting and disseminating knowledge. Show the way arouse, awaken, Bear aloft the beacon bright, That our minds be ever taken, Unto learning, into light. Stand in daytime's storm unshaken, Guide thro'storm of deepest night. Hail Carnegie Alma Mater Stand for progress, peace and right. All Hail Carnegie Alma Mater Stand for progress, peace and right! The Fence [ edit ] The Fence, 2006 The first great tradition at Carnegie Mellon is The Fence, built in 1923, which lies in the middle of the Cut. [ 3 ] The Fence frequently displays witty or poignant messages, but is just as often used to advertise upcoming events or recent accomplishments. Because of its highly visible location on campus, it is an ideal place to proclaim one's message to as much of the student body as possible. The original wooden fence was replaced in 1993 when it collapsed under its own weight due to six inches of surrounding paint. At the time, it held the Guinness World Record for being the most painted object. [ 3 ] Today, a concrete and steel reinforced fence stands where the original one stood, imitating the size it would be today. Students still paint the fence in an effort to break the record held by the original as the world's most painted upon object. As of 2017 [update] the fence has four inches of paint. [ 4 ] The Fence's origins date back to the early days of Carnegie Institute of Technology when The Cut was still a  valley that separated the Carnegie Tech buildings from the Margaret Morrison women's school. Over the valley spanned a bridge which the men of Carnegie Tech realized was a strategic spot for meeting the women of Maggie Mo as they crossed the cut. However, when The Cut was filled in to form the current-day grassy field, the bottleneck disappeared. In its stead, the class of 1923 erected a fence to stand in as a meeting spot. [ 5 ] However, the university's students took a negative view of the structure, not understanding the point of it. The administration was just about to give up and tear it down when the night before its scheduled removal a fraternity painted The Fence in the middle of the night, advertising a party on campus [ citation needed ] . The party turned out to be a huge success, as has the tradition of painting the fence. The administration relented on their plans for removing the fence. In August 2008, the graduating class of 2008 at the Carnegie Mellon Silicon Valley Campus brought the tradition to California by installing their own version of the fence , and dedicating it to Randy Pausch , who died in that year. Tradition dictates that The Fence only be painted after midnight and before sunrise, and only in its entirety. It must be painted by hand using brushes. If it is painted with spray paint or rollers, the painters would be cited for vandalism . A group wishing to paint the Fence must station two representatives, or "guards", on the small gravel region surrounding it. As long as two guards remain within the boundary, no other group may "take" the Fence. This sometimes leads to groups setting up a tent or campsite just inside the boundary so that they may "hold" the fence for an extended amount of time. It is also unwritten etiquette that if another group needs the Fence to advertise one of their upcoming events, the current holders should turn the Fence over to that group. This often leads to extended periods of time when the Fence is passed between groups in an organized fashion. Two years of paint layers are visible after the defacing. On March 21, 2011, six freshman Carnegie Mellon students defaced the fence.