dedicated to the preservation and presentation of folk songs and dance . Hundreds of major films have been shot partially or wholly in Pittsburgh . The Dark Knight Rises was largely filmed in Downtown , Oakland , and the North Shore . Pittsburgh is also considered as the birthplace of the modern zombie film genre after George A. Romero directed the 1968 film Night of the Living Dead . [ 167 ] [ 168 ] Pittsburgh has also teamed up with a Los Angeles-based production company , and has built the largest and most advanced movie studio in the eastern United States . [ 161 ] The Andy Warhol Museum is one of the four Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh . Pittsburgh 's major art museums include the Andy Warhol Museum , the Carnegie Museum of Art , The Frick Pittsburgh , Pittsburgh Center for the Arts , the Mattress Factory , and the Carnegie Museum of Natural History , which has extensive dinosaur , mineral , animal , and Egyptian collections . The Kamin Science Center and associated SportsWorks has interactive technology and science exhibits . The Senator John Heinz History Center and Western Pennsylvania Sports Museum is a Smithsonian affiliated regional history museum in the Strip District and its associated Fort Pitt Museum is in Point State Park . Soldiers and Sailors Memorial Hall and Museum in Oakland houses Western Pennsylvania military exhibits from the Civil War to present . The Children 's Museum of Pittsburgh on the North Side features interactive exhibits for children . The eclectic Bayernhof Music Museum is six miles ( 9 km ) from downtown while The Clemente Museum is in the city 's Lawrenceville section . The Cathedral of Learning 's Nationality Rooms showcase pre-19th century learning environments from around the world . There are regular guided and self-guided architectural tours in numerous neighborhoods . Downtown 's cultural district hosts quarterly Gallery Crawls and the annual Three Rivers Arts Festival . Pittsburgh is home to a number of art galleries and centers including the Miller Gallery at Carnegie Mellon University , University Art Gallery of the University of Pittsburgh , the American Jewish Museum , and the Wood Street Galleries . The Pittsburgh Zoo & Aquarium , Phipps Conservatory and Botanical Gardens , and the National Aviary have served the city for over a century . Pittsburgh is home to the amusement park Kennywood . Pittsburgh is home to one of the several state licensed casinos . The Rivers Casino is on the North Shore along the Ohio River , just west of Kamin Science Center and Acrisure Stadium . Pittsburgh is home to the world 's largest furry convention known as Anthrocon , which has been held annually at the David L. Lawrence Convention Center since 2006 . In 2024 , Anthrocon drew over 17,000 visitors and has had a cumulative economic impact of $ 53 million over the course of its 11 years of being hosted in Pittsburgh . [ 169 ] Lifetime 's reality show , Dance Moms , is filmed at Pittsburgh 's Abby Lee Dance Company . Music [ edit ] Pittsburgh has a long tradition of jazz , blues , and bluegrass music . The National Negro Opera Company was founded in the city as the first all African-American opera company in the United States . This led to the prominence of African-American singers like Leontyne Price in the world of opera . One of the greatest American musicians and composers of the 20th century , Billy Strayhorn , grew up and was educated in Pittsburgh , as was pianist/composer-arranger Mary Lou Williams , who composed and recorded an eponymous tribute to her home town in 1966 , [ 170 ] featuring vocalist Leon Thomas . [ 171 ] Pittsburgh 's Wiz Khalifa is a recent artist to have a number one record . His anthem `` Black and Yellow `` ( a tribute to Pittsburgh 's official colors ) reached number one on Billboard 's `` Hot 100 '' [ 172 ] for the Week of February 19 , 2011 . [ 173 ] Perry Como and Christina Aguilera are from Pittsburgh suburbs . The city is also where the band Rusted Root was formed . Liz Berlin of Rusted Root owns Mr. Smalls , a popular music venue for touring national acts in Pittsburgh . [ 174 ] Hip hop artist Mac Miller was also a Pittsburgh native , with his debut album Blue Slide Park named after the local Frick Park . Many punk rock and Hardcore punk acts , such as Aus Rotten and Anti-Flag , originated in Pittsburgh . Pittsburgh has also seen many metal bands gain prominence in recent years , [ when ? ] most notably Code Orange , who were nominated for a Grammy . The city was also home to the highly influential math rock band Don Caballero . Pittsburgh has emerged as a leading city in the United States ' heavy metal music scene . Ranking as the third 'most metal city ' in a study conducted by MetalSucks , [ 175 ] Pittsburgh has earned a reputation for its heavy metal community . Pittsburgh is home to over six-hundred heavy metal bands , [ 175 ] as well as heavy metal coffee shops [ 176 ] and bars . The city is noted for its doom metal , metalcore , and death metal scenes . Throughout the 1990s there was an electronic music subculture in Pittsburgh which likely traced its origins to similar Internet chatroom -based movements in Detroit , Cleveland , Minneapolis , and across the United States . [ 177 ] [ 178 ] [ 179 ] Pittsburgh promoters and DJs organized raves in warehouses , ice rinks , barns , and fields which eventually attracted thousands of attendees , some of whom were high school students or even younger . [ 178 ] [ 180 ] [ 181 ] As the events grew more popular , they drew internationally known DJs such as Adam Beyer and Richie Hawtin . [ 178 ] Pittsburgh rave culture itself spawned at least one well-known artist , the drum and bass DJ Dieselboy , who attended the University of Pittsburgh between 1990 and 1995 . [ 177 ] [ 182 ] Since 2012 , Pittsburgh has been the home of Hot Mass , an afterhours electronic music dance party which critics have compared favorably to European nightclubs and parties . [ 183 ] [ 184 ] Electronic music artist and DJ Yaeji credits Hot Mass with her