, below the mouth of Two Mile Run , from 30th Street to 39th Street . According to George Croghan , the town was situated on the south bank of the Allegheny , nearly opposite what is now known as Washington 's Landing , formerly Herr 's Island , in what is now the Lawrenceville neighborhood . [ 25 ] : 289 18th century [ edit ] Further information : Pennsylvania in the American Revolution Fort Pitt Block House , built by the British in 1764 , is the oldest extant structure in Pittsburgh . The first known European to enter the region was the French explorer Robert de La Salle from Quebec during his 1669 expedition down the Ohio River . [ 26 ] [ better source needed ] European pioneers , primarily Dutch , followed in the early 18th century . Michael Bezallion was the first to describe the forks of the Ohio in a 1717 manuscript , and later that year European fur traders established area posts and settlements . [ 27 ] In 1749 , French soldiers from Quebec launched an expedition to the forks to unite Canada with French Louisiana via the rivers . [ 27 ] During 1753–1754 , the British hastily built Fort Prince George before a larger French force drove them off . The French built Fort Duquesne based on LaSalle 's 1669 claims . The French and Indian War , the North American front of the Seven Years ' War , began with the future Pittsburgh as its center . British General Edward Braddock was dispatched with Major George Washington as his aide to take Fort Duquesne . [ 28 ] The British and colonial force were defeated at Braddock 's Field . General John Forbes finally took the forks in 1758 . He began construction on Fort Pitt , named after William Pitt the Elder , while the settlement was named `` Pittsborough '' . [ 29 ] During Pontiac 's War , a loose confederation of Native American tribes laid siege to Fort Pitt in 1763 ; the siege was eventually lifted after Colonel Henry Bouquet defeated a portion of the besieging force at the Battle of Bushy Run . Bouquet strengthened the defenses of Fort Pitt the next year . [ 30 ] [ 31 ] [ 32 ] [ 33 ] During this period , the powerful nations of the Iroquois Confederacy , based in New York , had maintained control of much of the Ohio Valley as hunting grounds by right of conquest after defeating other tribes . By the terms of the 1768 Treaty of Fort Stanwix , the Penns were allowed to purchase the modern region from the Iroquois . A 1769 survey referenced the future city as the `` Manor of Pittsburgh '' . [ 34 ] Both the Colony of Virginia and the Province of Pennsylvania claimed the region under their colonial charters until 1780 , when they agreed under a federal initiative to extend the Mason–Dixon line westward , placing Pittsburgh in Pennsylvania . On March 8 , 1771 , Bedford County , Pennsylvania was created to govern the frontier . On April 16 , 1771 , the city 's first civilian local government was created as Pitt Township . [ 35 ] [ 36 ] William Teagarden was the first constable , and William Troop was the first clerk . [ 37 ] Following the American Revolution , the village of Pittsburgh continued to grow . One of its earliest industries was boat building for settlers of the Ohio Country . In 1784 , Thomas Vickroy completed a town plan which was approved by the Penn family attorney . Pittsburgh became a possession of Pennsylvania in 1785 . The following year , the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette was started , and in 1787 , the Pittsburgh Academy was chartered . Unrest during the Whiskey Rebellion of 1794 resulted in federal troops being sent to the area . By 1797 , glass manufacture began , while the population grew to around 1,400 . Settlers arrived after crossing the Appalachian Mountains or through the Great Lakes . Fort Pitt ( now Pittsburgh ) at the source of the Ohio River became the main base for settlers moving into the Northwest Territory . 19th century [ edit ] Further information : Pennsylvania in the American Civil War The Monongahela River and its surroundings in 1857 Lithograph of Pittsburgh by Otto Krebs ( before 1874 ) Burning of Union Depot during the Pittsburgh railroad strike of 1877 The federal government recognizes Pittsburgh as the starting point for the Lewis and Clark Expedition . [ 38 ] Preparations began in Pittsburgh in 1803 when Meriwether Lewis purchased a keelboat that would later be used to ascend the Missouri River . [ 39 ] The War of 1812 cut off the supply of British goods , stimulating American industry . By 1815 , Pittsburgh was producing significant quantities of iron , brass , tin , and glass . On March 18 , 1816 , the 46-year-old local government became a city . It was served by numerous river steamboats that increased trading traffic on the rivers . In the 1830s , many Welsh people from the Merthyr steelworks immigrated to the city following the aftermath of the Merthyr Rising . By the 1840s , Pittsburgh was one of the largest cities west of the Allegheny Mountains . The Great Fire of Pittsburgh destroyed over a thousand buildings in 1845 . The city rebuilt with the aid of Irish immigrants who came to escape the Great Famine . By 1857 , Pittsburgh 's 1,000 factories were consuming 22 million coal bushels yearly . Coal mining and iron manufacturing attracted waves of European immigrants to the area , with the most coming from Germany . Because Pennsylvania had been established as a free state after the Revolution , enslaved African Americans sought freedom here through escape as refugees from the South , or occasionally fleeing from travelers they were serving who stayed in the city . There were active stations of the Underground Railroad in the city , and numerous refugees were documented as getting help from station agents and African-American workers in city hotels . The Drennen Slave Girl walked out of the Monongahela House in 1850 , apparently to freedom . [ 40 ] The Merchant 's Hotel was also a place where African-American workers would advise slaves the state was free and aid them in getting to nearby stations of the Underground Railroad . [ 41 ]