40 bridges cross the three rivers near the city . The Smithfield Street Bridge was the world 's first lenticular truss bridge . The city 's Three Sisters Bridges offer a picturesque view of the city from the North . The south-western `` entrance '' to Downtown for travelers coming in from Interstate 79 and the Pittsburgh International Airport is through the Fort Pitt Tunnel and over the Fort Pitt Bridge . The Fort Duquesne Bridge carrying Interstate 279 is the main gateway from Downtown to both PNC Park , Acrisure Stadium and the Rivers Casino . The Panhandle Bridge carries Pittsburgh Regional Transit 's Blue/Red/Silver subway lines across the Monongahela River . The renovated J & L Steel Company bridge has been a key traffic/running-biking trail conduit connecting the Southside Works and Pittsburgh Technology Center . Over 2,000 bridges span the landscape of Allegheny County . [ 303 ] Public transportation statistics [ edit ] Pittsburgh is served by Pittsburgh Regional Transit , the 26th-largest transit agency in the country prior to the COVID-19 pandemic . The average amount of time people spend commuting with public transit in Pittsburgh , for example to and from work , on a weekday is 73 min . 23 % of public transit riders ride for more than 2 hours every day . The average amount of time people wait at a stop or station for public transit is 17 minutes , while 33 % of riders wait for over 20 minutes on average every day . The average distance people usually ride in a single trip with public transit is 3.9 mi ( 6.3 km ) , while 11 % travel for over 7.5 mi ( 12 km ) in a single direction . [ 304 ] Expressways and highways [ edit ] Expressways Other Highways Parkway North US 19 PA 88 Parkway East & West Truck US 19 PA 121 Crosstown PA 8 PA 130 Allegheny Valley Expressway PA 50 PA 380 Ohio River Boulevard PA 51 PA 837 PA 60 PA 885 I-279 Locals refer to the interstates fanning out from downtown Pittsburgh as the `` parkways . '' Interstate 376 is both the `` parkway east '' connecting to Interstate 76 ( Pennsylvania Turnpike ) and the `` parkway west '' connecting to Interstate 79 , the Pittsburgh International Airport , the Ohio end of the Turnpike and Interstate 80 . The `` parkway north '' is Interstate 279 connecting to I-79 . The `` crosstown '' is Interstate 579 allowing access to the heart of downtown , the Liberty Tunnels and the PPG Paints Arena . The 45-mile-long and 70-mile-long expressway sections of Pennsylvania Route 28 and U.S. Route 22 also carry traffic from downtown to the northeast and western suburbs , respectively . Interstate 70 , 79 and 76 ( the Turnpike ) roughly form a triangular-shaped `` beltway '' with Interstate 68 and 80 within the media market 's northern and southern limits . Turnpike spurs such as the Mon–Fayette Expressway , Pennsylvania Route 576 and Route 66 also help traffic flow . The non-expressway Pittsburgh/Allegheny County Belt System serves navigation in the region . Airports [ edit ] Main article : Pittsburgh metropolitan area § Airports Pittsburgh International Airport provides commercial passenger service from over 15 airlines to the Pittsburgh metropolitan area . Arnold Palmer Regional Airport also provides limited commercial passenger service and is 44 miles ( 71 km ) east of Pittsburgh . Other airports that have or have had scheduled commercial service include Morgantown Municipal Airport ( 79 miles ( 127 km ) south of Pittsburgh ) , Youngstown–Warren Regional Airport ( 81 miles ( 130 km ) northwest of Pittsburgh ) , Akron–Canton Airport ( 120 miles ( 190 km ) northwest of Pittsburgh ) , Johnstown–Cambria County Airport ( 60 miles ( 97 km ) east of Pittsburgh ) and Erie International Airport ( 123 miles ( 198 km ) north of Pittsburgh ) . Intercity passenger rail and bus [ edit ] Main articles : Union Station ( Pittsburgh ) and Grant Street Transportation Center Amtrak provides intercity rail service to Pittsburgh Union Station , via the Capitol Limited between Chicago and Washington , D.C. , and the Pennsylvanian to New York City . Megabus , Greyhound Lines , and Fullington Trailways connect Pittsburgh with distant cities by bus ; Greyhound and Fullington Trailways buses stop at the Grant Street Transportation Center intercity bus terminal . Popular destinations include Philadelphia , New York City , and Washington , D.C. [ 305 ] Until declines in passenger travel in the 1950s and 1960s , several stations served Pittsburgh : Baltimore & Ohio Station , Pittsburgh & Lake Erie Railroad Station , Wabash Pittsburgh Terminal and Pittsburgh Union Station . Regional mass transit [ edit ] Main articles : Pittsburgh Light Rail and Port Authority of Allegheny County § Bus rapid transit Steel Plaza subway station Pittsburgh Regional Transit , formerly known as the Port Authority of Allegheny County , is the region 's mass transit system . While serving only a portion of the Pittsburgh area , the nation 's 20th-largest metropolitan area , it is the 11th-largest transit agency in the United States . [ 306 ] Pittsburgh Regional Transit runs a network of intracity and intercity bus routes , the Monongahela Incline Funicular railway ( more commonly known as an `` incline '' ) on Mount Washington , a light rail system that runs mostly above-ground in the suburbs and underground as a subway in the city , and one of the nation 's largest busway systems . [ 307 ] Pittsburgh Regional Transit owns the Duquesne Incline but it is operated by a non-profit preservation trust , [ 308 ] but accepts Pittsburgh Regional Transit passes and charges PRT fares . The Bus System lines are labeled by number and letter . These are the largest portion of Pittsburgh Regional Transit and serve on streets and designated busways . Buses serve most of the county , extending as far as Pittsburgh International Airport , Monroeville , McCandless , and the borders of Westmoreland County and Beaver County , Pennsylvania . Meanwhile , the light rail system ( commonly known as the `` T '' ) runs along both new tracks and those refurbished from the streetcar era . The light rail runs from Acrisure Stadium to South Hills Village and Library , taking commuters through one of two routes : one which serves Castle Shannon , Mt . Lebanon , and Beechview , and the other is