coal bushels yearly . Coal mining and iron manufacturing attracted waves of European immigrants to the area , with the most coming from Germany . Because Pennsylvania had been established as a free state after the Revolution , enslaved African Americans sought freedom here through escape as refugees from the South , or occasionally fleeing from travelers they were serving who stayed in the city . There were active stations of the Underground Railroad in the city , and numerous refugees were documented as getting help from station agents and African-American workers in city hotels . The Drennen Slave Girl walked out of the Monongahela House in 1850 , apparently to freedom . [ 40 ] The Merchant 's Hotel was also a place where African-American workers would advise slaves the state was free and aid them in getting to nearby stations of the Underground Railroad . [ 41 ] Sometimes refugee slaves from the South stayed in Pittsburgh , but other times they continued North , including into Canada . Many slaves left the city and county for Canada after Congress passed the 1850 Fugitive Slave Act , as it required cooperation from law enforcement even in free states and increased penalties . From 1850 to 1860 , the black population in Allegheny County dropped from 3,431 to 2,725 as people headed to more safety in Canada . [ 40 ] The American Civil War boosted the city 's economy with increased iron and armament demand by the Union . Andrew Carnegie began steel production in 1875 at the Edgar Thomson Steel Works in North Braddock , Pennsylvania , which evolved into the Carnegie Steel Company . He adopted the Bessemer process to increase production . Manufacturing was key to growth of Pittsburgh and the surrounding region . Railroad lines were built into the city along both rivers , increasing transportation access to important markets . 20th century [ edit ] An aerial view of Pittsburgh in 1902 [ 42 ] Steel mills in the Strip District in 1906 In 1901 , J. P. Morgan and attorney Elbert H. Gary merged Carnegie Steel Company and several other companies into U.S. Steel . By 1910 , Pittsburgh was the nation 's eighth-largest city , accounting for between one-third and one-half of national steel output . The Pittsburgh Agreement was subscribed in May 1918 between the Czech and Slovak nationalities , as envisioned by T. G. Masaryk , concerning the future foundation of Czechoslovakia . [ 43 ] The city suffered severe flooding in March 1936 . The city 's population swelled to more than a half million , attracting numerous European immigrants to its industrial jobs . By 1940 , non-Hispanic whites were 90.6 % of the city 's population . [ 44 ] Pittsburgh also became a main destination of the African-American Great Migration from the rural South during the first half of the 20th century . [ 45 ] Limited initially by discrimination , some 95 % percent of the men became unskilled steel workers . [ 46 ] During World War II , demand for steel increased and area mills operated 24 hours a day to produce 95 million tons of steel for the war effort . [ 29 ] This resulted in the highest levels of air pollution in the city 's almost century of industry . The city 's reputation as the `` arsenal of democracy '' [ 47 ] [ 48 ] was being overshadowed by James Parton 's 1868 observation of Pittsburgh being `` hell with the lid off . '' [ 49 ] Following World War II , the city launched a clean air and civic revitalization project known as the `` Renaissance , '' cleaning up the air and the rivers . The `` Renaissance II '' project followed in 1977 , focused on cultural and neighborhood development . The industrial base continued to expand through the 1970s , but beginning in the early 1980s both the area 's steel and electronics industries imploded during national industrial restructuring . There were massive layoffs from mill and plant closures . [ 11 ] In the later 20th century , the area shifted its economic base to education , tourism , and services , largely based on healthcare/medicine , finance , and high technology such as robotics . Although Pittsburgh successfully shifted its economy and remained viable , the city 's population has never rebounded to its industrial-era highs . While 680,000 people lived in the city proper in 1950 , a combination of suburbanization and economic turbulence resulted in a decrease in city population , even as the metropolitan area population increased again . 21st century [ edit ] During the late 2000s recession , Pittsburgh was economically strong , adding jobs when most cities were losing them . It was one of the few cities in the United States to see housing property values rise . Between 2006 and 2011 , the Pittsburgh metropolitan statistical area ( MSA ) experienced over 10 % appreciation in housing prices , the highest appreciation of the largest 25 metropolitan statistical areas in the United States , with 22 of the largest 25 metropolitan statistical areas experiencing depreciations in housing values . [ 50 ] In September 2009 , the 2009 G20 Pittsburgh summit was held in Pittsburgh . [ 51 ] Geography [ edit ] See also : Pittsburgh metropolitan area ยง Regional identity Downtown Pittsburgh and the Duquesne Incline from Mount Washington Pittsburgh has an area of 58.3 square miles ( 151 km 2 ) , of which 55.6 square miles ( 144 km 2 ) is land and 2.8 square miles ( 7.3 km 2 ) , or 4.75 % , is water . The 80th meridian west passes directly through the city 's downtown . The city is on the Allegheny Plateau , within the ecoregion of the Western Allegheny Plateau . [ 52 ] The Downtown area ( also known as the Golden Triangle ) sits where the Allegheny River flows from the northeast and the Monongahela River from the southeast to form the Ohio River . The convergence is at Point State Park and is referred to as `` the Point . '' The city extends east to include the Oakland and Shadyside sections , which are home to the University of Pittsburgh , Carnegie Mellon University , Chatham University , Carnegie Museum and Library , and many other educational , medical , and cultural institutions . The southern , western , and northern areas of the city are