7.3 km 2 ) , or 4.75 % , is water . The 80th meridian west passes directly through the city 's downtown . The city is on the Allegheny Plateau , within the ecoregion of the Western Allegheny Plateau . [ 52 ] The Downtown area ( also known as the Golden Triangle ) sits where the Allegheny River flows from the northeast and the Monongahela River from the southeast to form the Ohio River . The convergence is at Point State Park and is referred to as `` the Point . '' The city extends east to include the Oakland and Shadyside sections , which are home to the University of Pittsburgh , Carnegie Mellon University , Chatham University , Carnegie Museum and Library , and many other educational , medical , and cultural institutions . The southern , western , and northern areas of the city are primarily residential . Many Pittsburgh neighborhoods are steeply sloped with two-lane roads . More than a quarter of neighborhood names make reference to `` hills , '' `` heights , '' or similar features . [ a ] The steps of Pittsburgh consist of 800 sets of outdoor public stairways with 44,645 treads and 24,090 vertical feet . They include hundreds of streets composed entirely of stairs , and many other steep streets with stairs for sidewalks . [ 53 ] Many provide vistas of the Pittsburgh area while attracting hikers and fitness walkers . [ 54 ] Bike and walking trails have been built to border many of the city 's rivers and hollows . The Great Allegheny Passage and Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Towpath connect the city directly to downtown Washington , D.C. ( some 335 miles [ 539 km ] away ) with a continuous bike/running trail . Cityscape [ edit ] Areas [ edit ] See also : List of Pittsburgh neighborhoods , List of tallest buildings in Pittsburgh , List of City of Pittsburgh historic designations , and List of Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation Historic Landmarks Pittsburgh 's 90 distinct neighborhoods The city consists of the Downtown area , called the Golden Triangle , [ 55 ] and four main areas surrounding it . These surrounding areas are subdivided into distinct neighborhoods ( Pittsburgh has 90 neighborhoods ) . [ 56 ] Relative to downtown , these areas are known as the Central , North Side/North Hills , South Side/South Hills , East End , and West End . Golden Triangle [ edit ] Downtown Pittsburgh has 30 skyscrapers , nine of which top 500 feet ( 150 m ) . The U.S. Steel Tower is the tallest , at 841 ft ( 256 m ) . [ 57 ] The Cultural District consists of a 14-block area of downtown along the Allegheny River . This district contains many theaters and arts venues and is home to a growing residential segment . Most significantly , the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust is embarking on RiverParc , a four-block mixed-use `` green '' community , featuring 700 residential units and multiple towers of between 20 and 30 stories . The Firstside portion of Downtown borders the Monongahela River , the historic Mon Wharf and hosts the distinctive PPG Place Gothic-style glass skyscraper complex . New condo towers have been constructed and historic office towers are converted to residential use , increasing 24-hour residents . Downtown is served by the Port Authority 's light rail system and multiple bridges leading north and south . [ 58 ] It is also home to Point Park University and Duquesne University which borders Uptown . North Side [ edit ] Further information : North Side ( Pittsburgh ) Townhouses in the Mexican War Streets neighborhood The North Side is home to various neighborhoods in transition . The area was once known as Allegheny City and operated as its own independent city until 1907 , when it was merged with Pittsburgh despite great protest from its citizens . The North Side is primarily composed of residential neighborhoods and is noteworthy for its well-constructed and architecturally interesting homes . Many buildings date from the 19th century and are constructed of brick or stone and adorned with decorative woodwork , ceramic tile , slate roofs and stained glass . The North Side is also home to attractions such as Acrisure Stadium , PNC Park , Kamin Science Center , National Aviary , Andy Warhol Museum , Mattress Factory art museum , Children 's Museum of Pittsburgh , Randyland , Penn Brewery , Allegheny Observatory , and Allegheny General Hospital . [ 59 ] South Side [ edit ] Further information : South Side ( Pittsburgh ) East Carson Street in the South Side Flats The South Side was once the site of railyards and associated dense , inexpensive housing for mill and railroad workers . Starting in the late 20th century , the city undertook a Main Street program in cooperation with the National Trust for Historic Preservation , encouraging design and landscape improvements on East Carson Street , and supporting new retail . The area has become a local Pittsburgher destination , and the value of homes in the South Side had increased in value by about 10 % annually for the 10 years leading up to 2014 . [ 60 ] East Carson Street has developed as one of the most vibrant areas of the city , packed with diverse shopping , ethnic eateries , vibrant nightlife , and live music venues . In 1993 , the Urban Redevelopment Authority of Pittsburgh purchased the South Side Works steel mill property . It collaborated with the community and various developers to create a master plan for a mixed-use development that included a riverfront park , office space , housing , health-care facilities , and indoor practice fields for the Pittsburgh Steelers and Pitt Panthers . Construction of the development began in 1998 . The SouthSide Works has been open since 2005 , featuring many stores , restaurants , offices , and the world headquarters for American Eagle Outfitters . [ 61 ] East End [ edit ] Shadyside neighborhood The East End of Pittsburgh is home to the University of Pittsburgh , Carnegie Mellon University , Carlow University , Chatham University , The Carnegie Institute 's Museums of Art and Natural History , Phipps Conservatory , and Soldiers and Sailors Memorial Hall . It is also home to many parks and public spaces including Mellon Park , Westinghouse Park , Schenley Park , Frick Park , The Frick Pittsburgh , Bakery Square ,