master plan for a mixed-use development that included a riverfront park , office space , housing , health-care facilities , and indoor practice fields for the Pittsburgh Steelers and Pitt Panthers . Construction of the development began in 1998 . The SouthSide Works has been open since 2005 , featuring many stores , restaurants , offices , and the world headquarters for American Eagle Outfitters . [ 61 ] East End [ edit ] Shadyside neighborhood The East End of Pittsburgh is home to the University of Pittsburgh , Carnegie Mellon University , Carlow University , Chatham University , The Carnegie Institute 's Museums of Art and Natural History , Phipps Conservatory , and Soldiers and Sailors Memorial Hall . It is also home to many parks and public spaces including Mellon Park , Westinghouse Park , Schenley Park , Frick Park , The Frick Pittsburgh , Bakery Square , and the Pittsburgh Zoo and PPG Aquarium . The neighborhoods of Shadyside and Squirrel Hill are large , wealthy neighborhoods with some apartments and condos , and pedestrian-oriented shopping/business districts . Squirrel Hill is also known as the hub of Jewish life in Pittsburgh , home to approximately 20 synagogues . [ 62 ] Oakland , heavily populated by undergraduate and graduate students , is home to most of the universities , and the Petersen Events Center . The Strip District to the west along the Allegheny River is an open-air marketplace by day and a clubbing destination by night . Bloomfield is Pittsburgh 's Little Italy and is known for its Italian restaurants and grocers . Lawrenceville is a revitalizing rowhouse neighborhood popular with artists and designers . The Hill District was home to photographer Charles Harris as well as various African-American jazz clubs . [ 63 ] Other East End neighborhoods include Point Breeze , Regent Square , Highland Park , Homewood , Lincoln-Lemington-Belmar , Larimer , East Hills , East Liberty , Polish Hill , Hazelwood , Garfield , Morningside , and Stanton Heights . West End [ edit ] Further information : West End ( Pittsburgh ) § Region The West End includes Mt . Washington , with its famous view of the downtown skyline , and numerous other residential neighborhoods such as Sheraden and Elliott . Ethnicities [ edit ] This section does not cite any sources . Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources . Unsourced material may be challenged and removed . ( September 2023 ) ( Learn how and when to remove this message ) Many of Pittsburgh 's patchwork of neighborhoods still retain ethnic characters reflecting the city 's settlement history . These include : German : Troy Hill , Mt . Washington , and East Allegheny ( Deutschtown ) Italian : Brookline , Bloomfield , Morningside , Oakland Hispanic/Latino : Beechview / Brookline Polish , Austrian , Belgian , Czech , Slovak , German , Greek , Hungarian , Luxembourgish , Dutch , Romanian , Swiss , Slovenia and the northern marginal regions of Italy , Croatian , as well as northeastern France , Central European : South Side , Lawrenceville , and Polish Hill Lithuanian : South Side , Uptown African American/Multiracial African American : Hill District , Homewood , Lincoln-Lemington-Belmar , Larimer , East Hills , and Hazelwood Jewish ( Ashkenazi ) : Squirrel Hill Irish : Mt . Washington , Carrick , Greenfield Ukrainian ( Ruthenian ) : South Side Population densities [ edit ] Several neighborhoods on the edges of the city are less urban , featuring tree-lined streets , yards and garages , with a more suburban character . Oakland , the South Side , the North Side , and the Golden Triangle are characterized by more density of housing , walking neighborhoods , and a more diverse , urban feel . Images [ edit ] Panorama of Pittsburgh from the Duquesne Incline , showing the confluence of the Allegheny ( left ) and the Monongahela ( right ) Rivers , which merge to form the Ohio River ( lower left ) in November 2019 Pittsburgh seen from Mount Washington at night with the Monongahela River in the foreground in November 2015 Skyline from Mt . Washington in June 2014 Regional identity [ edit ] Main article : Pittsburgh metropolitan area The Puddler , a glass mural of an iron or steel worker , [ 64 ] [ 65 ] memorializing Pittsburgh 's industrial heritage Pittsburgh falls within the borders of the Northeastern United States as defined by multiple US Government agencies . Pittsburgh is the principal city of the Pittsburgh Combined Statistical Area , a combined statistical area defined by the U.S. Census Bureau . Pittsburgh falls within the borders of Appalachia as defined by the Appalachian Regional Commission , and has long been characterized as the `` northern urban industrial anchor of Appalachia . '' [ 66 ] In its post-industrial state , Pittsburgh has been characterized as the `` Paris of Appalachia '' , [ 67 ] [ 68 ] [ 69 ] [ 70 ] recognizing the city 's cultural , educational , healthcare , and technological resources , and is the largest city in Appalachia . Climate [ edit ] Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania Climate chart ( explanation ) J F M A M J J A S O N D 2.6 36 21 2.4 39 23 3 49 30 3.1 62 40 4 71 49 4.3 79 58 3.8 83 63 3.5 81 62 3.1 74 54 2.3 63 43 3.2 51 35 2.9 39 25 █ Average max . and min . temperatures in °F █ Precipitation totals in inches Metric conversion J F M A M J J A S O N D 66 2 −6 61 4 −5 75 10 −1 79 17 5 100 22 10 109 26 15 97 28 17 88 27 16 79 24 12 58 17 6 82 11 2 72 4 −4 █ Average max . and min . temperatures in °C █ Precipitation totals in mm Under the Köppen climate classification , Pittsburgh falls within either a hot-summer humid continental climate ( Dfa ) if the 0 °C ( 32 °F ) isotherm is used or a humid subtropical climate ( Cfa ) if the −3 °C ( 27 °F ) isotherm is used . Summers are hot and winters are moderately cold with wide variations in temperature . Despite this , it has one of the most pleasant summer climates between medium and large cities in the U.S. [ 71 ] [ 72 ] [