for a Fort ; as it has the absolute Command of both Rivers . The Land at the Point is 20 or 25 feet ( 7.6 m ) above the common Surface of the Water ; & a considerable Bottom of flat well timber 'd Land all around it , very convenient for Building . Proceeding up the Allegheny , Washington presented Dinwiddie 's letter to the French commanders first at Venango , and then Fort Le Boeuf . The French officers received Washington with wine and courtesy , but did not withdraw . [ 15 ] Governor Dinwiddie sent Captain William Trent to build a fort at the Forks of the Ohio . On February 17 , 1754 , Trent began construction of the fort , the first European habitation [ 17 ] at the site of present-day Pittsburgh . The fort , named Fort Prince George , was only half-built by April 1754 , when over 500 French forces arrived and ordered the 40-some colonials back to Virginia . The French tore down the British fortification and constructed Fort Duquesne . [ 14 ] [ 15 ] Governor Dinwiddie launched another expedition . Colonel Joshua Fry commanded the regiment with his second-in-command , George Washington , leading an advance column . On May 28 , 1754 , Washington 's unit clashed with the French in the Battle of Jumonville Glen , during which 13 French soldiers were killed and 21 were taken prisoner . [ 18 ] After the battle , Washington 's ally , Seneca chief Tanaghrisson , unexpectedly executed the French commanding officer , Ensign Joseph Coulon de Jumonville . The French pursued Washington and on July 3 , 1754 , George Washington surrendered following the Battle of Fort Necessity . These frontier actions contributed to the start of the French and Indian War ( 1754–1763 ) , or , the Seven Years ' War , a global confrontation between Britain and France fought in both hemispheres . [ 15 ] [ 19 ] The Fort Pitt Blockhouse , dating to 1764 , is the oldest structure in Pittsburgh . [ 15 ] In 1755 , the Braddock Expedition was launched , accompanied by Virginia militia officer George Washington . Two regiments marched from Fort Cumberland across the Allegheny Mountains and into western Pennsylvania . Following a path Washington surveyed , over 3,000 men built a wagon road 12 feet ( 3.7 m ) wide , that when complete , was the first road to cross the Appalachian Mountains . Braddock 's Road , as it was known , blazed the way for the future National Road ( US40 ) . The expedition crossed the Monongahela River on July 9 , 1755 . French troops from Fort Duquesne ambushed Braddock 's expedition at Braddock 's Field , nine miles ( 14 km ) from Fort Duquesne . [ 20 ] In the Battle of the Monongahela , the French inflicted heavy losses on the British , and Braddock was mortally wounded . [ 21 ] The surviving British and colonial forces retreated . This left the French and their Native American allies with dominion over the upper Ohio valley . [ 15 ] On September 8 , 1756 , an expedition of 300 militiamen destroyed the Shawnee and Lenape village of Kittanning , and in the summer of 1758 , British Army officer John Forbes began a campaign to capture Fort Duquesne . [ 21 ] At the head of 7,000 regular and colonial troops , Forbes built Fort Ligonier and Fort Bedford , from where he cut a wagon road over the Allegheny Mountains , later known as Forbes ' Road . On the night of September 13–14 , 1758 , an advance column under Major James Grant was annihilated in the Battle of Fort Duquesne . [ 21 ] The battleground , the high hill east of the Point , was named Grant 's Hill in his memory . With this defeat , Forbes decided to wait until spring . But when he heard that the French had lost Fort Frontenac and largely evacuated Fort Duquesne , he planned an immediate attack . Hopelessly outnumbered , the French abandoned and razed Fort Duquesne . Forbes occupied the burned fort on November 25 , 1758 , and ordered the construction of Fort Pitt , named after British Secretary of State William Pitt the Elder . He also named the settlement between the rivers , `` Pittsborough '' ( see Etymology of Pittsburgh ) . [ 11 ] [ 15 ] The British garrison at Fort Pitt made substantial improvements to its fortification . [ 11 ] The French never attacked Fort Pitt and the war soon ended with the Treaty of Paris and French defeat . [ 15 ] They ceded their territories east of the Mississippi River . Gateway to the West ( 1763–1799 ) [ edit ] In 1760 , the first considerable European settlement around Fort Pitt began to grow . Traders and settlers built two groups of houses and cabins , the `` lower town , '' near the fort 's ramparts , and the `` upper town , '' along the Monongahela as far as present-day Market Street . In April 1761 , a census ordered by Colonel Henry Bouquet and conducted by William Clapham counted 332 people and 104 houses . [ 21 ] [ 22 ] : 148 After Britain 's victory in the French and Indian War , increasing dissatisfaction among Native Americans with the continuing encroachment of settlers on lands that had been agreed would be Indian-occupied ( both in the 1758 Treaty of Easton and in the Royal Proclamation of 1763 the British authorities had decreed that there would be no British-American settlements west of the Alleghenies , but the authorities had been unable or unwilling to enforce these decrees ) led to the outbreak of Pontiac 's War . The Odawa leader Pontiac launched an offensive against British forts in May 1763 . Native American tribes from the Ohio Valley and the Great Lakes overran numerous British forts ; one of their most important targets was Fort Pitt . Receiving warning of the coming attack , Captain Simeon Ecuyer , the Swiss officer in command of the garrison , prepared for a siege . He leveled the houses outside the ramparts and ordered all settlers into the fort : 330 men , 104 women , and 196 children sought refuge inside its ramparts . [ 11 ] Captain Ecuyer also gathered stores , which