own sense of uniqueness . '' [ 36 ] New immigrants after 1800 made Pittsburgh a major Scotch-Irish stronghold . For example , Thomas Mellon ( b. Ulster 1813–1908 ) left northern Ireland in 1823 for the United States . He founded the powerful Mellon family , which played a central role in banking and industries such as aluminum and oil . As Barnhisel ( 2005 ) finds , industrialists such as James Laughlin ( b. Ulster 1806–1882 ) of Jones and Laughlin Steel Company comprised the `` Scots-Irish Presbyterian ruling stratum of Pittsburgh society . '' [ 37 ] Technology [ edit ] In 1859 , the Clinton and Soho iron furnaces introduced coke -fire smelting to the region . The American Civil War boosted the city 's economy with increased production of iron and armaments , especially at the Allegheny Arsenal and the Fort Pitt Foundry . [ 33 ] Arms manufacture included iron-clad warships and the world 's first 21 '' gun . [ 38 ] By war 's end , over one-half of the steel and more than one-third of all U.S. glass was produced in Pittsburgh . A milestone in steel production was achieved in 1875 , when the Edgar Thomson Works in Braddock began to make steel rail using the new Bessemer process . [ 39 ] Industrialists such as Andrew Carnegie , Henry Clay Frick , Andrew W. Mellon , and Charles M. Schwab built their fortunes in Pittsburgh . Also based in Pittsburgh was George Westinghouse , credited with such advancements as the air brake and founder of over 60 companies , including Westinghouse Air and Brake Company ( 1869 ) , Union Switch & Signal ( 1881 ) , and Westinghouse Electric Company ( 1886 ) . [ 40 ] Banks played a key role in Pittsburgh 's development as these industrialists sought massive loans to upgrade plants , integrate industries and fund technological advances . For example , T. Mellon & Sons Bank , founded in 1869 , helped to finance an aluminum reduction company that became Alcoa . [ 39 ] Ingham ( 1991 ) shows how small , independent iron and steel manufacturers survived and prospered from the 1870s through the 1950s , despite competition from much larger , standardized production firms . These smaller firms were built on a culture that valued local markets and the beneficial role of business in the local community . Small firms concentrated on specialized products , particularly structural steel , where the economies of scale of larger firms were no advantage . They embraced technological change more cautiously than larger firms . They also had less antagonistic relations with workers and employed a higher percentage of highly skilled workers than their mass-production counterparts . [ 41 ] Geography of industrialization [ edit ] Beginning in the 1870s , entrepreneurs transformed the economy from small , craft-organized factories located inside the city limits to a large integrated industrial region stretching 50 miles across Allegheny County . The new industrial Pittsburgh was based on integrated mills , mass production , and modern management organization in steel and other industries . Many manufacturers searched for large sites with railroad and river accessibility . They purchased land , designed modern plants , and sometimes built towns for workers . Other firms bought into new communities that began as speculative industrial real estate ventures . Some owners removed their plants from the central city 's labor unions to exert greater control over workers . The region 's rugged topography and dispersed natural resources of coal and gas accentuated this dispersal . The rapid growth of steel , glass , railroad equipment , and coke industries resulted in both large mass-production plants and numerous smaller firms . As capital deepened and interdependence grew , participants multiplied , economies accrued , the division of labor increased , and localized production systems formed around these industries . Transportation , capital , labor markets , and the division of labor in production bound the scattered industrial plants and communities into a sprawling metropolitan district . By 1910 the Pittsburgh district was a complex urban landscape with a dominant central city , surrounded by proximate residential communities , mill towns , satellite cities , and hundreds of mining towns . [ 42 ] Representative of the new industrial suburbs was the model town of Vandergrift , according to Mosher ( 1995 ) . Caught up in a dramatic round of industrial restructuring and labor tension , Pittsburgh steelmaker George McMurtry hired Frederick Law Olmsted 's landscape architectural firm in 1895 to design Vandergrift as a model town . McMurtry believed in what was later known as welfare capitalism , with the company going beyond paychecks to provide for the social needs of the workers ; he believed that a benign physical environment made for happier and more productive workers . A strike and lockout at McMurtry 's steelworks in Apollo , Pennsylvania , prompted him to build the new town . Wanting a loyal workforce , he developed a town agenda that drew upon environmentalism as well as popular attitudes toward capital 's treatment of labor . The Olmsted firm translated this agenda into an urban design that included a unique combination of social reform , comprehensive infrastructure planning , and private homeownership principles . The rates of homeownership and cordial relationships between the steel company and Vandergrift residents fostered loyalty among McMurtry 's skilled workers and led to McMurtry 's greatest success . In 1901 he used Vandergrift 's worker-residents to break the first major strike against the United States Steel Corporation . [ 43 ] Machine politics [ edit ] Christopher Magee and William Flinn operated powerful Republican machines that controlled local politics after 1880 . They were business owners and favored business interests . Flinn was a leader of the Progressive movement statewide and supported Theodore Roosevelt in the 1912 election . [ 44 ] Germans [ edit ] During the mid-19th century , Pittsburgh witnessed a dramatic influx of German immigrants , including a brick mason whose son , Henry J. Heinz , founded the H.J . Heinz Company in 1869 . Heinz was at the forefront of reform efforts to improve food purity , working conditions , hours , and wages , [ 45 ] but the company bitterly opposed the formation of an independent labor union . [ 46 ] Labor unions [ edit ] As a manufacturing center , Pittsburgh also became an arena for intense labor strife . During the Great Railroad Strike