, along with community neighborhood groups , resisted the demolition plans . The neighborhoods containing rich architectural heritage , including the Mexican War Streets , Allegheny West , and Manchester , were spared . The center of Allegheny City , with its culturally and socially important buildings , was not as lucky . All of the buildings , with the exception of the Old U.S. Post Office , the Carnegie Library , and Buhl Planetarium were destroyed and replaced with the `` pedestrianized '' Allegheny Center Mall and apartments . The city 's industrial base continued to grow in the post-war era [ 74 ] partly assisted by the area 's first agency entirely devoted to industrial development , the RIDC . [ 75 ] [ 76 ] Jones and Laughlin Steel Company expanded its plant on the Southside . H.J . Heinz , Pittsburgh Plate Glass , Alcoa , Westinghouse , U.S. Steel and its new division , the Pittsburgh Chemical Company and many other companies also continued robust operations through the 1960s . [ 11 ] 1970 marked the completion of the final building projects of Renaissance I : the U.S. Steel Tower and Three Rivers Stadium . [ 27 ] In 1974 , with the addition of the fountain at the tip of the Golden Triangle , Point State Park was completed . [ 77 ] Although air quality was dramatically improved , and Pittsburgh 's manufacturing base seemed solid , questions abound about the negative effects Urban Renewal continues to have on the social fabric of Pittsburgh . Pittsburgh , however , was about to undergo one of its most dramatic transformations . Like most major cities , Pittsburgh experienced several days of rioting following the assassination of Martin Luther King Jr. in April 1968 . There were no further major riots , although tension remained high in the inner-city black neighborhoods . [ 78 ] Reinvention ( 1973–present ) [ edit ] Downtown Pittsburgh in July 1974 A similar picture of Downtown Pittsburgh from Mt . Washington in December 2005 During the 1970s and 1980s , the U.S. steel industry came under increasing pressure from foreign competition and from American mini-mills constructed inexpensively using salvaged steel . [ citation needed ] Manufacture in Germany and Japan was booming . Foreign mills and factories , built with the latest technology , benefited from lower labor costs and powerful government-corporate partnerships , allowing them to capture increasing market shares of steel and steel products . Separately , demand for steel softened due to recessions , the 1973 oil crisis , and increasing use of other materials . [ 11 ] [ 79 ] The era began with the RIDC 's `` Building on Basics '' report in 1974 . [ 80 ] Collapse of steel [ edit ] Further information : Steel crisis Free market pressures exposed the U.S. steel industry 's own internal problems , which included a now-outdated manufacturing base that had been over-expanded in the 1950s and 1960s , hostile management and labor relationships , the inflexibility of United Steelworkers regarding wage cuts and work-rule reforms , oligarchic management styles , and poor strategic planning by both unions and management . In particular , Pittsburgh faced its own challenges . Local coke and iron ore deposits were depleted , raising material costs . The large mills in the Pittsburgh region also faced competition from newer , more profitable `` mini-mills '' and non-union mills with lower labor costs . [ 79 ] Beginning in the late 1970s and early 1980s , the steel industry in Pittsburgh began to implode along with the deindustrialization of the U.S. [ 81 ] Following the 1981–1982 recession , for example , the mills laid off 153,000 workers . [ 79 ] The steel mills began to shut down . These closures caused a ripple effect , as railroads , mines , and other factories across the region lost business and closed . [ 82 ] [ 83 ] The local economy suffered a depression , marked by high unemployment and underemployment , as laid-off workers took lower-paying , non-union jobs . [ 84 ] Pittsburgh suffered as elsewhere in the Rust Belt with a declining population , and like many other U.S. cities , it also saw white flight to the suburbs . [ 85 ] In 1991 the Homestead Works was demolished , replaced in 1999 by The Waterfront shopping mall . As a direct result of the loss of mill employment , the number of people living in Homestead dwindled . By the time of the 2000 census , the borough population was 3,569 . The borough began financially recovering in 2002 , with the enlarging retail tax base . Corporations [ edit ] Top corporate headquarters such as Gulf Oil ( 1985 ) , Koppers ( 1987 ) , Westinghouse ( 1996 ) and Rockwell International ( 1989 ) were bought out by larger firms , with the loss of high paying , white collar headquarters and research personnel ( the `` brain drain '' ) as well as massive charitable contributions by the `` home based '' companies to local cultural and educational institutions . At the time of the Gulf Oil merger in 1985 it was the largest buyout in world history involving the company that was No . 7 on the Fortune 500 just six years earlier . Over 1,000 high paying white collar corporate and PhD research jobs were lost in one day . Today , there are no steel mills within the city limits of Pittsburgh , although manufacture continues at regional mills , such as the Edgar Thomson Works in nearby Braddock . Higher education [ edit ] Pittsburgh is home to three universities that are included in most under-graduate and graduate school national rankings , The University of Pittsburgh , Carnegie Mellon University and Duquesne University . Carnegie Mellon University and the University of Pittsburgh had evolved in the mid-20th century along lines that followed the needs of the heavy industries that financed and directed their development . The collapse of steel put pressure on those two universities to reinvent themselves as research centers in science and technology which acted to pull the regional economy toward high-technology fields . [ 86 ] Other regional collegiate institutions include Robert Morris University , Chatham University , Carlow University , Point Park University , La Roche College , Pittsburgh Theological Seminary , Trinity School for Ministry ( an Episcopal seminary ) and the Community College of Allegheny County . Beginning in