a dedicated contiguous beltway surrounding the city . I-76 ( Pennsylvania Turnpike ) , I-79 , and I-70 form a roughly triangular-shaped `` beltway , '' but the distance of these roads from the city center and the need to exit and enter each leg in order to continue circling the city render them impractical as a beltway ; commuters are forced to use secondary roads to go from suburb to suburb . The Allegheny County Belt System is an attempt at dealing with this without building additional infrastructure . The Pittsburgh Wayfinder System is a similar system that aims to guide travelers to popular destinations and services in the city proper . Green Belt on PA 837 Dual Blue and Green Belt signage Bridges and tunnels [ edit ] Main articles : List of bridges of Pittsburgh and List of tunnels in Pittsburgh Pittsburgh is a city of bridges : over 2,000 bridges dot the landscape of Allegheny County . The southern entrance to Downtown is through the Fort Pitt Tunnel and then over the Fort Pitt Bridge . [ 5 ] The Panhandle Bridge , a former railroad bridge , carries Pittsburgh Regional Transit 's Blue and Red ( formerly 42S/47L ) light rail lines across the Monongahela River . Other notable bridges are Fort Duquesne Bridge , the Liberty Bridge , and The Three Sisters . [ citation needed ] Notable tunnels include two interstate highway tunnels on I-376 , Fort Pitt Tunnel and Squirrel Hill Tunnel ; major traffic tunnels Armstrong Tunnel and Liberty Tunnels ; the light rail tunnel , Mt . Washington Transit Tunnel , the Schenley Tunnel , the Wabash Tunnel and Corliss Tunnel . [ citation needed ] At least 15 of Pittsburgh 's bridges are visible in this aerial photo . Liberty Tunnels Regional mass transit [ edit ] Main article : Pittsburgh Regional Transit Local public transportation is coordinated by Pittsburgh Regional Transit , the 14th-largest urban mass transit system in the United States . It services 730 square miles ( 1,900 km 2 ) , including all of Allegheny County and portions of Armstrong , Beaver , Washington , and Westmoreland counties . [ 6 ] PRT maintains a network of intracity bus routes , two inclines on Mt . Washington above Downtown ( mostly a tourist attraction rather than a means of commuting ) , and a light rail / busway system . The transit agency discontinued its commuter rail system , the PATrain , in 1989 , However , A New Line To Arnold Has Been Proposed Since 2009 . Pittsburgh Light Rail [ edit ] A light rail vehicle departs Station Square and prepares to enter the Mount Washington Transit Tunnel . Main articles : Pittsburgh Light Rail , Red Line ( Pittsburgh ) , Blue Line ( Pittsburgh ) , and Silver Line ( Pittsburgh ) The light rail network is a direct descendant of the original streetcar system , which once numbered dozens of lines and included interurban routes to neighboring cities such as Washington and Charleroi . The current network comprises five routes on 25 miles ( 40 km ) of track , operated by modern articulated light rail vehicles . Although most is on dedicated right-of-way , including the Mt . Washington Transit Tunnel , trains still street run in the Beechview neighborhood . Once across the Monongahela River trains enter a subway to serve Downtown Pittsburgh . Since March 2012 , the North Shore Connector has extended service across the Allegheny River , via tunnel , to such destinations as PNC Park , Heinz Field , and Rivers Casino . Blue Line train Red Line train Steel Plaza station Pittsburgh Bus Rapid Transit [ edit ] Herron station on the East Busway Main articles : Pittsburgh Regional Transit ยง Bus rapid transit , South Busway , Martin Luther King Jr. East Busway , and West Busway PAT operates over 800 buses on both standard routes and bus rapid transit routes in Allegheny County . The latter use high-speed articulated buses that run at grade and above ground on their own right-of-way with platform stations , much like a rail system . In some instances , such as the Mount Washington tunnel , these buses travel along paved sections of the light rail line . There are currently three routes : the South Busway , from downtown to the southern part of Allegheny County , the Martin Luther King Jr. East Busway , from the Amtrak station to the eastern suburbs , and the West Busway , to the western suburbs . Future plans include extending the West Busway to the Pittsburgh International Airport . All light rail/busway stations outside the downtown have PAT station shuttles that serve the surrounding neighborhoods , and sections of the metropolitan area not served by the light rail/busway system , including most of the northern suburbs , have regular PAT bus routes . The mass transit systems of Beaver , Fayette , Lawrence , Washington , and Westmoreland counties ( including Mid Mon Valley Transit Authority ) operate their own commuter shuttles to and from the city ; the private company Myers Coach Line operates commuter service from Butler County . [ 7 ] The mass transit system of Monongalia County , West Virginia also provides connections to Pittsburgh . In early 2005 the Southwestern Pennsylvania Commission proposed combining Pittsburgh Regional Transit , then known as Port Authority , with the nine surrounding metro counties transit agencies . [ 8 ] [ 9 ] [ failed verification ] A typical PAT transit bus sign . Busway with three PAT buses . A bus in front of Union Station Intercity passenger bus and rail [ edit ] Grant Street Transportation Center [ edit ] Main article : Grant Street Transportation Center Megabus , Greyhound Lines , and Fullington Trailways connect Pittsburgh with distant cities by bus ; Greyhound and Fullington Trailways buses stop at the Grant Street Transportation Center intercity bus terminal . Popular destinations include Philadelphia , New York City , and Washington , D.C. [ 10 ] Pittsburgh 's Greyhound bus terminal Greyhound bus in downtown Pittsburgh Pittsburgh Union Station [ edit ] Main article : Union Station ( Pittsburgh ) Two Amtrak trains serve Penn Station : the Pennsylvanian to New York City via Philadelphia , and the Capitol Limited between Washington , D.C. and Chicago , which uses CSX from Washington to Pittsburgh 's outer perimeter , the AVR on the P & W Subdivision through the Panther Hollow Tunnel in the university