pass from QB Justin Fields for the touchdown HIGHLIGHT : Porter Jr. snags interception CB Joey Porter Jr. intercepts Cowboys QB Dak Prescott 's deep pass HIGHLIGHT : Harris with 20-yard gain RB Najee Harris dodges defenders for 20-yard catch and run HIGHLIGHT : Loudermilk denies FG attempt DE Isaiahh Loudermilk denies K Brandon Aubrey 's 38-yard field goal attempt HIGHLIGHT : Watt slams Prescott LB T.J. Watt slams Cowboys QB Dak Prescott to the grass for a 7-yard sack HIGHLIGHT : Fields dots Heyward for 16-yard TD TE Connor Heyward punches in 16-yard touchdown pass from QB Justin Fields HIGHLIGHT : Jackson with INT CB Donte Jackson picks off Cowboys QB Dak Prescott 's pass to keep the Cowboys out of the end zone More Highlights > > > Steelers Nation Radio ( SNR ) SNR is a 24-hour digital radio station that allows Pittsburgh Steelers fans from all over the world to stay updated on their favorite team , year-round . LISTEN LIVE PROGRAMMING Steelers Official Podcasts Subscribe to the Steelers official podcasts for free , on-demand access to all the latest news on the Black & Gold . Subscribe to Podcasts Play YinzChat for a chance to win a Joey Porter Jr. signed football ! Play and win with YinzChat 's Regular Season Challenge ! Starting on Tuesday , September 3rd and continuing each week throughout the 2024 regular season , answer trivia questions during the week , along with predictive questions on gamedays for your chance to win weekly prizes and season-long grand prize ! This week 's prize is a Joey Porter Jr. signed football ! Learn More Launch on mobile device Steelers Bars , presented by Dubliner Irish Whiskey Our Steelers Bars , presented by Dubliner Irish Whiskey , give you the chance to connect and celebrate the Black & Gold with Steelers fans all over the map ! Find a bar close to you , or submit your own to be featured on the map . LEARN MORE SEE MAP ADD SOME BLACK & GOLD TO YOUR INBOX ! Team News : Breaking news , game previews , recaps and more Contests & Events : First access to team sweepstakes and events Pro Shop Exclusives : Exclusive gear and promotions direct from the team store Partner Offers : Special offers from our trusted Steelers ' Partners SUBSCRIBE TO EMAIL FEATURED PHOTOS GAME PHOTOS : Week 6 at Raiders Game action photos from the Steelers ' Week 6 game against the Las Vegas Raiders at Allegiant Stadium PREGAME PHOTOS : Week 6 at Raiders A look at pregame warmups before the Steelers ' Week 6 game against the Las Vegas Raiders at Allegiant Stadium ARRIVAL PHOTOS : Week 6 at Raiders A look at player arrivals before the Steelers ' Week 6 game against the Las Vegas Raiders at Allegiant Stadium PHOTOS : 2024 Steelers Nation Unite Road Warriors : Las Vegas Steelers Nation showed out at Nevada Brew Works in Las Vegas , where the team hosted Steelers Nation Unite Road Warriors : Las Vegas TRAVEL PHOTOS : Monochrome moments - Week 6 at Raiders The Steelers travel to Las Vegas for the Week 6 matchup against the Raiders TRAVEL PHOTOS : Week 6 at Raiders The Steelers travel to Las Vegas for the Week 6 matchup against the Raiders PHOTOS : Practice - Raiders Week - Day 3 The Steelers prepare for the Week 6 matchup against the Las Vegas Raiders PHOTOS : Practice - Raiders Week - Day 2 The Steelers prepare for the Week 6 matchup against the Las Vegas Raiders View More Photos > > > COMMUNITY CORNER news Community Corner : Giving kids hope Follow along for all of the latest Steelers in the Community happenings Steelers players dazzled on the runway Read More PHOTOS : Steelers Style 2024 View More PHOTOS : Steelers Style 2024 green carpet View More Steelers make back to school special Read More More In The Community > > > SOCIAL MEDIA Pittsburgh Steelers YouTube Subscribe to our official YouTube account for full game recaps , behind-the-scenes videos and exclusive long-form team content . WATCH YOUTUBE Advertising EDITOR 'S CORNER Tomlin on Russ , making trades , blocking FGs Asked and Answered : Oct. 13 Asked and Answered : Oct. 10 Asked and Answered : Oct. 8 Labriola on T.J. Watt 's historic night 5 for Friday : Moore has been a settling factor Fields looking to unlock explosive plays Austin looking for next man up at outside linebacker Wilson will return to full practice 10 Thoughts : Steelers just inches away from win again En Español Escucha en vivo : Transmisión de Audio En Español El equipo de Steelers Radio en Español estarán en vivo antes , durante , y después del partido . La transmisión del partido no está disponible en la Web Móvil : Por reglamentos de la NFL , la transmisión de radio de los Steelers no está disponible para los usuarios de la web móvil . Puede escuchar esta transmisión desde cualquier parte del mundo en el sitio web desde tu computadora en Steelers.com . Si vives en el área metropolitana de Pittsburgh , también puedes escuchar esta transmisión en la aplicación móvil oficial de los Steelers tocando el botón `` Radio '' en la esquina superior derecha de la pantalla de inicio . Se aplican restricciones geográficas . Los Steelers anuncian las leyendas que estarán en Monterrey Los Steelers anunciaron las leyendas que estarán presentes en la Siempre Steelers Watch Party en Monterrey Tras La Cortina de Acero : Semana 6 @ Raiders Alvaro Martin y Arturo Carlos nos preparan para el juego contra los Raiders en Las Vegas . Antes del juego : Semana 6- Steelers @ Raiders Los Steelers visitarán a los Raiders en Las Vegas este domingo Los Steelers pierden en casa ante los Cowboys en dramático final Los Pittsburgh Steelers cayeron 20 - 17 contra los Dallas Cowboys En Español : Watt 's 100th career sack Listen to T.J. Watt 's 100 th career sack in Spanish , courtesy of the Steelers Spanish audio broadcast team . Siempre Steelers Watch Party Únete a nosotros en nuestra Siempre Steelers Watch Party en Monterrey . Learn more > > > En Casa Con Los Steelers Los Steelers recibieron a cerca de 400 aficionado mexicanos en Acrisure Stadium la noche antes del juego . PHOTOS : En Casa Con Los Steelers The Steelers welcomed fans from Mexico and Spain for an appreciation party at Acrisure Stadium prior to the Sunday night game Antes del juegos :