was represented by the Pittsburgh Americans of the second American Football League in 1936 and 1937 . It was also briefly represented by the Pittsburgh Maulers of the United States Football League , in 1984 , and the Pittsburgh Gladiators ( which later became the Tampa Bay Storm ) , of the Arena Football League from 1987 until 1990 . A second Arena Football League team , the Pittsburgh Power , played in the Consol Energy Center from 2011 until 2014 . [ 39 ] In addition , Pittsburgh has also been home to women 's full-contact football teams . The Pittsburgh Passion were founded in 2002 as members of the National Women 's Football Association , then played in the Independent Women 's Football League , and then Women 's Football Alliance . [ 40 ] The Passion play their home games at West Allegheny High School in nearby Imperial . The team went 12–0 and won a national title in 2007 as members of the NWFA . [ 41 ] The Pittsburgh Rebellion were members of the Legends Football League during the 2017 season with home games at the downtown Highmark Stadium . The `` most established area minor-league football team '' the Pittsburgh Colts are members of the North American Football League 's Regional American Football League . [ 42 ] [ 43 ] The United States Football League ( 2022 ) announced that the league would be relaunching in April 2022 and that the Pittsburgh Maulers would be returning [ 44 ] Soccer [ edit ] Pittsburgh Riverhounds SC are members of the USL Championship ( second division ) and play at Highmark Stadium . [ 45 ] The Riverhounds are one of the oldest professional soccer clubs in the United States operating outside of MLS ; the only two older clubs are fellow USL Championship side Charleston Battery and USL League One 's Richmond Kickers , both of which were founded in 1993 . Like their counterparts , the Steelers , Penguins and Pirates , the Riverhounds are a full-time professional club , and many of their current and former players have represented their countries in international play . In 2024 , the USL W League announced that the Riverhounds ' ownership group had established a women 's team to begin competing in 2025 . [ 46 ] Several months later , the club 's name , Pittsburgh Riveters SC , and crest were unveiled . [ 47 ] Historic teams such as the suburban Harmarville Hurricanes won the U.S. Open Cup , U.S. Soccer 's national championship , with Harmarville winning in 1952 and 1956 and reaching the final in 1953 . Pittsburgh area teams Gallatin and Morgan Strasser also won the Open Cup in its earlier years , but since the end of the 1950s , only the Riverhounds have advanced as far as the quarterfinals , which they achieved in 2001 and 2023 . The amateur club Pittsburgh Beadling has contested for regional and national titles for over 100 years , winning the National Amateur Cup in 1954 , [ 48 ] though Beadling now operates primarily as a youth club . Aldo Donelli , better known as a Duquesne University Football player and coach played soccer with a number of clubs in the 1920s and 1930s and was a member of the United States men 's national soccer team during the 1934 FIFA World Cup . He is a member of the National Soccer Hall of Fame . In a 4–2 qualifying victory over Mexico in Rome , Italy on May 24 , he tallied all four times , becoming the first American to score his first three international goals with the senior team in the same match . The region 's interest in soccer continues as modern stars such as natives Justin Evans , Meghan Klingenberg , Don Malinowski , John Stollmeyer , A. J . Wood and Marvell Wynne II have all achieved international success . Rugby [ edit ] The Pittsburgh Forge Rugby Club are rugby union team based in South Side Pittsburgh . The club formed in 2018 when the Pittsburgh City RC and the Pittsburgh Highlanders combined to form the Forge . The Pittsburgh Forge currently fields two competitive men 's senior sides and one competitive women 's side . The men currently participate in the Midwest Competition Region ( NCR1 ) at the Division II and Division III levels , and the women also play in the Midwest Competition Region at the Division II level . The Pittsburgh Sledgehammers are a rugby league team based in Cheswick , Pennsylvania ( outside of Pittsburgh ) which was formed in 2010 and plays in the AMNRL competition . The Pittsburgh Harlequins are a rugby union team also based in Cheswick . The Pittsburgh Harlequins Rugby Club was founded in 1973 by a group of University of Pittsburgh law students . The organization has an active roster of 45 players and an alumni roster inclusive of more than 70 seasons of play . The Harlequins Rugby Club is a Division I member of the Mid-Atlantic Rugby Football Union . Over 300 active players wear the Harlequin jerseys every year at the Division 1 men 's , Under 19 , and Under 14 levels . In 1995 , the Founders Field Center for Athletic Leadership was developed to support the Harlequins Men 's and Youth programs . The 12-acre Founders Field facility includes lighting , irrigation , a clubhouse , locker rooms , concessions , and parking . The Pittsburgh Steeltoes , a Rugby sevens club with both a men 's and women 's team , was announced as an expansion team for the Premier Rugby Sevens in 2023 . [ 49 ] Highmark Stadium hosted the 2023 Eastern Conference Final , marking the first ever professional rugby event held in the city . [ 50 ] Three of the Steeltoes ' women represented their countries at the 2024 Summer Olympics : Kayla Canett and Sammy Sullivan for United States and Asia Hogan-Rochester for Canada , [ 51 ] winning bronze and silver , respectively . [ 52 ] Ultimate [ edit ] The Pittsburgh Thunderbirds are a professional ultimate team that competes in the Ultimate Frisbee Association ( formerly known as the American Ultimate Disc League ) since 2015 . They play their home games at Highmark Stadium . Major league professional championships , awards , and events [ edit ] Pittsburgh Steelers ( NFL ) [ edit ] 6 Super Bowl titles 1974 ( IX ) 1975