Association becomes the first professional American football coach . Grant Dibert of the Pittsburg Athletic Club becomes the first American football player to sign and be kept under to the first known professional football contract . 1894 Fifth Avenue High School built . 1895 Carnegie Museums and Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh founded . Pittsburgh Arts Society founded . May 29 : Schenley Park Casino opens September : The Duquesne Country and Athletic Club football team is formed . December 30 : The very first ice hockey game is played inside the city , held at the Schenley Park Casino . 1896 Carnegie Museum of Natural History is established . Homestead Library & Athletic Club is established . November 17 : The Pittsburgh-based Western Pennsylvania Hockey League began its inaugural season . December 17 : Schenley Park Casino is destroyed by fire . December 18 : Western Pennsylvania Hockey League suspends operations for the remainder of the season . No championship is awarded . The Duquesne Traction Company is renovated and opens as the Duquesne Gardens . 1897 Immaculate Heart of Mary Church dedicated . Station Square first opens as the Pittsburgh & Lake Erie Railroad Complex . 1898 William Chase Temple becomes the first-ever owner of an American football team when he takes over the payments of the Duquesne Country and Athletic Club team . Pittsburgh & Lake Erie Railroad Station built . Pittsburgh Zoo opens on Tuesday , 14 June 1898 . Kennywood Park opens December 3 : The Duquesne Country and Athletic Club defeats the Western Pennsylvania All-Stars in the very first all-star game for professional American football . The Western Pennsylvania Hockey League is re-established and use the Duquesne Gardens as their venue . The Pittsburgh Athletic Club goes on win the league 's first title . 1899 April 4 : the Duquesne Brewing Company is established . Pittsburgh Brewing Company formed . Pittsburgh Bankers ice hockey team is established . 1900 March : Pittsburgh Athletic Club wins their second title in the Western Pennsylvania Hockey League . Carnegie Technical Schools established . The Duquesne Country and Athletic Club football team folds . Homestead Library & Athletic Club football team wins the professional American football championship . Population : 321,616 . [ 31 ] 20th century [ edit ] 1900s-1940s [ edit ] 1901 Pittsburgh Athletic Club wins their third title in the Western Pennsylvania Hockey League . The Pittsburgh Pirates win their first National League title . November 30 : The Homestead Library & Athletic Club football team wins the professional football championship . 1902 January 1 : The Pittsburgh Railways Company is established . Ice hockey 's Pittsburgh Victorias are established The Pittsburgh Keystones win the Western Pennsylvania Hockey League title . Harry Peel , of the Pittsburgh Keystones admits that he was paid $ 35 a week to play in the Western Pennsylvania Hockey League , becoming one of the first openly professional ice hockey players . Pittsburgh Railways Company and Children 's Institute of Pittsburgh established . Frick Building constructed . The Pittsburgh Pirates win their second National League title . November 29 : The Pittsburg Stars win the first National Football League 's championship . 1903 The Pittsburgh Bankers win their first Western Pennsylvania Hockey League title . Union Station , Wabash Tunnel , and McCreery 's department store [ 20 ] open . The Pittsburgh Pirates win their third National League title . October 1–13 : The first modern World Series is played between the Pittsburgh Pirates and the Boston Americans . 1904 January 17 : The Pittsburgh Keystones withdrew from the Western Pennsylvania Hockey League . The Pittsburgh Victorias win the title for the Western Pennsylvania Hockey League . Wabash Bridge built . Wabash Railroad begins operating . [ 32 ] July 31 : Construction begins on Immaculate Heart of Mary Church Gayety Theater opens . The Western Pennsylvania Hockey League ceases operations . The Pittsburgh Victorias cease operations . The Pittsburgh Professionals becomes the city 's representative in the International Professional Hockey League . 1905 Nickelodeon opens . [ 33 ] [ 34 ] December 3 : Immaculate Heart of Mary Church opens 1906 Saint Paul Cathedral built . G. C. Murphy variety shop in business . 1907 Allegheny becomes part of Pittsburgh . Frank & Seder in business . [ 32 ] The Western Pennsylvania Hockey League is re-established The Pittsburgh Lyceum ice hockey team is established . December : The first known trade of professional hockey players takes place as the Pittsburgh Lyceum sends Harry Burgoyne to the Pittsburgh Bankers for Dutch Koch . 1908 The Pittsburgh Bankers win their second title in the Western Pennsylvania Hockey League . Beechview becomes part of city . [ 32 ] Pittsburgh Athletic Association organized . December 23 : The Pittsburgh Lyceum ice hockey team folds . 1909 February : The Duquesne Athletic Club wins the 1908–09 season title in the Western Pennsylvania Hockey League , as the team and the league formally fold . July–September : Pressed Steel Car Strike of 1909 . Pittsburgh Aero Club founded . [ 32 ] June 30 : Forbes Field opens October 16 : Pittsburgh Pirates win the 1909 World Series 1910 Economic Club of Pittsburgh active . Soldiers and Sailors Memorial Hall dedicated . May 10 : The Pittsburgh Courier begins publication 1911 Pittsburgh Public School District formed . The Syria Mosque is constructed July 19 : the United States Geographic Board adopts `` Pittsburgh '' as its standard spelling of the city name , reversing its 20-year-old decision favoring `` Pittsburg '' . 1912 Homestead Grays , a Negro league baseball team is formed . The Pittsburgh Filipinos of the United States Baseball League were founded . 1913 The Pittsburgh Filipinos move to the Federal League and become the Pittsburgh Stogies . April : Schoolchildren 's protest . [ 35 ] Concordia Club building opens . 1914 Regent Theatre opens . Pittsburgh Stogies are renamed Pittsburgh Rebels . 1915 The Pittsburgh Yellow Jackets are founded by Roy Schooley . The Pittsburgh Rebels fold with the Federal League . National Association for the Advancement of Colored People branch [ 15 ] and Pittsburgh Musical Institute [ 36 ] established . July 5 : Construction begins on the Pittsburgh City-County Building . The Pittsburgh Panthers football team claim their first national championship . 1916 William Penn Hotel in business . The Pittsburgh Winter Garden begins hosting ice skating and ice hockey . The Pittsburgh Panthers football team claim their second national championship . October 26 : The Syria Mosque opens . 1917 Union