1881 Brougham , 1898 Panhard et Levassor Tonneau , 1903 Baker Electric , 1906 Outing Wagon , 1909 Bailey Electric Phaeton , 1909 Keystone Sixty-Six Roadster , 1911 Penn 30 Touring Car , 1912 Daimler Landaulet , 1914 Ford Model T Touring Car , 1914 Rolls-Royce Silver Ghost Touring Car , 1917 Standard Model E Touring Car , 1924 Auto Red Bug Flyer , 1931 Lincoln Model K Sport Phaeton , and 1940 American Bantam Convertible Coupe . [ original research ? ] The museum hosts numerous exhibitions . For example , from June 11 , 2016 to September 4 , 2016 , it hosted the visiting exhibition `` Killer Heels : The Art of the High-Heeled Shoe . '' [ 4 ] [ 5 ] Selection of works [ edit ] 1806 , Jena , Jean-Louis-Ernest Meissonier , 1890 Rest in the Park , ( Le Repos dans le Parc ) , Jean-Baptiste Pater Portrait of Charlotte Marguerite de Montmorency , Princess of Conde , Peter Paul Rubens , circa 1610 View on the Grand Canal at San Geremia , Venice , Francesco Guardi , 1760–65 Still Life with Fruit , Jan van Os , 1769 Chagrin d'Enfant , Emile Friant , 1898 Sir Joshua and Family at Roehampton House , Putney , Arthur Devis , 1752 Banks of the Seine at Lavacourt , Claude Monet , 1879 The Arts in Supplication , Carle van Loo , 1764 Madonna and Child with Saints , Scenes from Life of Christ and Life of the Virgin , painter unknown , from Master of the Scrovegni Chapel Presbytery , circa 1308 Madonna and Child Enthroned with Four Scenes of Christ 's Passion , Rainaldo di Rainuccio da Spoleto , 1265 See also [ edit ] The greenhouse at the Frick Art & Historical Center Frick Collection Frick Fine Arts Building Frick Park Culture of Pittsburgh References [ edit ] ^ a b `` Frick Art & Historical Center to get makeover – Pittsburgh Post-Gazette '' . Archived from the original on June 19 , 2013 . ^ `` Big Changes Coming To Frick Art & Historical Center '' . CBS Pittsburgh . May 28 , 2013 . Retrieved February 3 , 2024 . ^ Lyons , Kim ( November 17 , 2015 ) . `` Frick Art & Historical Center sparkles with $ 15 million update '' . NEXTpittsburgh . Retrieved February 3 , 2024 . ^ Harrop , JoAnne Klimovich ( September 21 , 2015 ) . `` Frick Art & Historical Center to host 'Killer Heels ' exhibit '' . Tribune . Retrieved October 14 , 2015 . ^ `` Killer Heels : The Art of the High-Heeled Shoe '' . The Frick Pittsburgh . Retrieved September 25 , 2023 . Further reading [ edit ] Kidney , Walter C. ( 1997 ) . Pittsburgh 's Landmark Architecture : The Historic Buildings of Pittsburgh and Allegheny County . Pittsburgh : Pittsburgh History & Landmarks Foundation . ISBN 0-916670-18-X . Sanger , Martha Frick Symington ( 2007 ) . Helen Clay Frick : Bittersweet Heiress . Pittsburgh : University of Pittsburgh Press . ISBN 978-0-8229-4341-9 . External links [ edit ] Wikimedia Commons has media related to Frick Art & Historical Center . Official website The Frick Pittsburgh at Google Cultural Institute 360° panorama of the Clayton 's parlor 360° panorama of the Clayton 's library and sitting room v t e City of Pittsburgh Government Airport Convention Center City Hall Courthouse Mayor Council Events InterGov Police District Attorney Sheriff Fire Libraries Transit Education Parks Port Regional Economy Allegheny Conference Duquesne Club Chamber of Commerce Corporations Economic Club HYP Club Stock Exchange Other topics Colleges and universities Culture cookie table theatre Green Man Pittsburgh Parking Chair Picklesburgh Dialect Yinzer Flag Fictional settings Filming films television History name timeline Jewish history 2018 synagogue shooting Pittsburgh toilet Hospitals Media Museums Neighborhoods Nicknames Notable Pittsburghers Region combined statistical area Skyscrapers Sports Category v t e Museums in Pennsylvania Art Allentown Art Museum Andy Warhol Museum Athenaeum of Philadelphia Barnes Foundation Brandywine River Museum Carnegie Museum of Art The Clemente Museum Demuth Museum Deshong Art Museum Erie Art Museum The Frick Pittsburgh Institute of Contemporary Art , Philadelphia La Salle University Art Museum Mattress Factory Michener Art Museum Miller Gallery at Carnegie Mellon Palmer Museum of Art Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts Philadelphia Museum of Art Pittsburgh Glass Center Randyland Reading Public Museum Rodin Museum Susquehanna Art Museum Wayne Art Center Westmoreland Museum of American Art Woodmere Art Museum History , culture , and religion African American Museum in Philadelphia American Jewish Museum American Swedish Historical Museum Bicycle Heaven Civil War Museum of Philadelphia Erie Maritime Museum Gettysburg Museum Heinz History Center Independence National Historical Park Independence Hall Independence Seaport Museum Johnstown Flood Museum Masonic Library and Museum of Pennsylvania Meadowcroft Rockshelter Mercer Museum Museum of the American Revolution Museum of Indian Culture National Civil War Museum National Constitution Center Nationality Rooms Philadelphia History Museum Rosenbach Museum and Library State Museum of Pennsylvania U.S. Army Heritage and Education Center University of Pennsylvania Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology Weitzman National Museum of American Jewish History Science , technology , and industry Academy of Natural Sciences of Drexel University America on Wheels Carnegie Museum of Natural History Carnegie Science Center Center for PostNatural History Choo Choo Barn Da Vinci Science Center Delaware County Institute of Science Drake Well Museum Everhart Museum Franklin Institute Miniature Railroad & Village Mütter Museum National Toy Train Museum North Museum of Nature and Science Pennsylvania Anthracite Heritage Museum Railroad Museum of Pennsylvania Railroaders Memorial Museum Reading Railroad Heritage Museum Roadside America Science History Institute Steamtown National Historic Site Wagner Free Institute of Science Children 's Children 's Museum of Pittsburgh Please Touch Museum Authority control databases International ISNI VIAF National United States Israel Geographic BGCI garden Retrieved from `` https : //en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php ? title=The_Frick_Pittsburgh & oldid=1228198987 `` Categories : Art museums and galleries in Pennsylvania Automobile museums in Pennsylvania Biographical museums in Pennsylvania Carriage museums in the United States Historic house museums in Pennsylvania Houses in Pittsburgh Museums in Pittsburgh Pittsburgh History & Landmarks Foundation Historic Landmarks Tourist attractions in Pittsburgh Hidden categories : Pages using gadget WikiMiniAtlas Articles with short description Short description is different from Wikidata Use American English from January 2023 All Wikipedia articles written in American English Use mdy dates from February 2024 Coordinates on Wikidata All articles with unsourced statements Articles with unsourced statements from November 2023 All articles that may contain original research Articles that may contain original research from November 2023 Commons category link