Center & SportsWorks . The Carnegie Museum of Natural History and Carnegie Museum of Art bring the world ’ s most historic natural and artistic moments to life , with a renowned dinosaur collection . The Andy Warhol Museum is the largest museum in America dedicated to a single artist . There , visitors can become immersed in the work of this world famous Pittsburgh born and raised icon . The Senator John Heinz Pittsburgh Regional History Center is the Smithsonian ’ s home in Pittsburgh and one of the largest history museums in Pennsylvania chronicling the remarkable history of Pittsburgh and the Western Pennsylvania region . The Pittsburgh Cultural Trust maintains high quality Broadway entertainment year round . Some of the most talented performers in America have graced the stages of the Benedum Center , Byham Theater , or Harris Theater . The Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra calls Heinz Hall for the Performing Arts home . It is one of the nation ’ s renowned orchestras , and a Pittsburgh tradition since 1895 . CITY INFORMATION City Directory Open Gov Portal Policies Press Releases Website Release Notes Accessibility POPULAR SERVICES 311 Contract Bids Dog Licenses Online Shelter Permit Tax Info OneStopPGH CITY HALL Boards , Authorities , Commissions City Clerk 's Office City Council Controller 's Office Mayor 's Office Public Safety CONNECT WITH US Facebook Twitter YouTube Social Media Hub City of Pittsburgh City-County Building , 414 Grant St , Pittsburgh , PA 15219 City-County Building Lighting - What Do Tonight 's Colors Represent ? Tonight , the City-County Building is illuminated in a standard colorful roatation with no affilation . For questions about the lighting at the City-County Building , please reach out to the Office of the Mayor . × A New City Website Is Coming Soon ! We are proud to announce the Oct 22 , 2024 launch of the new City of Pittsburgh website ! The new website is a dramatic upgrade in accessibility , usability , aesthetics and most importantly , it will be resident focused . Built to find the information and services you need quickly . Please feel free to stop by our website redesign project page for details ! Translate English Arabic Chinese Croatian French German Hindi Italian Japanese Korean Portuguese Russian Spanish Hebrew Ukrainian Vietnamese Armenian Latin Nepali Sudanese × Close