Fence In the early days of Carnegie Tech , there was a single bridge connecting Margaret Morrison Women 's College with the Carnegie Institute of Technology . The bridge was a meeting place for students . In 1916 , the bridge was taken down and the university filled in the area . The administration built a wooden fence as a new meeting place . The students did not understand why anyone would want to meet at a fence . The administration was about to give up and tear it down , but that night a fraternity , as a prank , painted the entire fence advertising a fraternity party . Ever since , painting the Fence has been a Carnegie Mellon tradition . [ 156 ] The Fence at Carnegie Mellon lies at the center of campus , in the area known as `` the Cut '' . Students guard the fence 24 hours a day , and , as long as two vigils are maintained , no other student may `` take '' the fence . The fence can then be painted by the group that has it , but only between midnight and 6 am . Only hand brushes may be used ; the use of spray paint or paint rollers is considered vandalism and results in a fine . The previous paint can not be stripped , and each new painting adds a new layer . The original wooden fence finally collapsed in the 1990s due to the weight from over 1 ' of surrounding paint , and was immediately replaced with an identical one manufactured from concrete . Today the fence is considered `` the world 's most painted object '' by the Guinness Book of World Records . [ 157 ] Housing [ edit ] Carnegie Mellon offers conventional housing for its students through single-gender , coresidential , and special interest options . Students can choose from a variety of housing options . The four options for students are traditional , semi-suite , suite , and apartments . The Traditional is a typical college dormitory setting , a long hallway with a series of 1-3 person rooms and a community bathroom shared with an entire floor or wing . Semi-Suite offers more privacy through 1-4 person rooms with 3-5 residents sharing one semi-private bathroom . Suite is similar to Semi-Suite but contains additional bedrooms , a bathroom , and living room/lounge area shared with 3-8 other residents . Apartments are shared between 1-3 people and may contain additional bedrooms , a semi-private bathroom , a living room , and kitchen shared with the other residents . Upperclassmen have additional options for housing , which include town houses and a larger variety of one or two bedroom apartments . [ 158 ] There are 27 residential buildings on campus and even more off campus . [ 159 ] First-year students are assigned to the dedicated first-year residence halls on campus including Morewood E-Tower , Morewood Gardens , Residence on Fifth , Shirley Apartments , as well as Boss , Donner , Hamerschlag , McGill , Mudge , Scobell , and Stever Houses . Approximately one-third of upperclassmen choose to continue living on campus through university housing . Options for upperclassmen include Fifth & Clyde , Morewood Gardens , West Wing , Doherty , Fairfax , Margaret Morrison , Fifth Neville , Shady Oak , Shirley , Forbes & Beeler , and Woodlawn Apartments as well as Henderson , Resnik , Roselawn , Spirit , Tech , Webster , and Welch Houses . [ 160 ] Fraternities and sororities [ edit ] Main article : Fraternities and sororities at Carnegie Mellon University The Greek tradition at Carnegie Mellon began over 100 years ago with the founding of the first fraternity on campus , Theta Xi , in 1912 . The Panhellenic sorority community was founded in 1945 , by Chi Omega , Delta Delta Delta , Delta Gamma , Kappa Alpha Theta , and Kappa Kappa Gamma . The Chi Omega chapter at Carnegie Mellon transformed into an independent sorority , Zeta Psi Sigma , and has since become Alpha Chi Omega . The Alpha Phi chapter was created in April 2013 . There are two Asian American interest sororities – Alpha Kappa Delta Phi and Kappa Phi Lambda – , and one Asian American interest fraternity – Lambda Phi Epsilon . Carnegie Mellon has eleven active fraternities : Alpha Epsilon Pi , Alpha Phi Alpha , Alpha Sigma Phi , Delta Tau Delta , Lambda Phi Epsilon , Phi Delta Theta , Pi Kappa Alpha , Sigma Alpha Epsilon , Sigma Chi , Sigma Nu , and Sigma Phi Epsilon . In addition to participating in campus traditions such as Buggy and Booth , the fraternities and sororities hold an annual fundraiser called Greek Sing , one of the largest Greek events of the year . Every two years , the organizations vote on a cause to support and raise money through ticket sales , ad sales , corporate sponsorships and donations . Each organization performs a 13-minute-long original show or a rendition of a popular show . In spring 2010 , Greek Sing raised over $ 42,000 for St. Jude Children 's Research . Specialized Communities [ edit ] In 2022 , Welch House began to host the specialized Queer community , a living community suited to the needs of non-binary students by allowing students to `` live in the same room with any other student inclusive of sex assigned at birth , gender identity , gender expression , and/or sexual orientation '' . [ 161 ] Welch House consists of semi-suite singles and doubles . In addition , Stever House hosts an all-gender floor for students who would prefer a traditional double . Spirit House is a residential community for upperclassmen designated for members of the SPIRIT student organization , a Black Student Union that serves as a haven for Black students within the Carnegie Mellon community and champions issues facing the Black community . [ 162 ] Athletics [ edit ] The Carnegie Mellon Tartans were a founding member of the University Athletic Association of NCAA Division III . Prior to World War II , Carnegie Mellon ( as Carnegie Tech ) played with what are now classified as NCAA Division I teams . In 1936 , the Carnegie Tech riflery team won the national intercollegiate championship . [ 163 ] The Carnegie Tech men 's basketball team was a member of the Eastern Intercollegiate Conference throughout the conference 's existence from 1932