World War . A 1938 master plan by Githens and Keally suggested acquisition of new land along Forbes Avenue , but the plan was not fully implemented . The period starting with the construction of the Hall of the Arts building ( former home of the Graduate School of Industrial Administration ) in 1952 and ending with Wean Hall in 1971 saw the institutional change from Carnegie Institute of Technology to Carnegie Mellon University . New facilities were needed to respond to the university 's growing national reputation in artificial intelligence , business , robotics and the arts . In addition , an expanding student population demanded improved facilities for student life , athletics and libraries . The campus finally expanded to Forbes Avenue from its original land along Schenley Park . Hamerschlag , Roberts , and Scott Halls are three of the teaching facilities of the College of Engineering The buildings of this era reflected contemporary architectural styles . The International Style , with its rejection of historical tradition and its emphases on functionalism and expression of structure , had been in vogue in European settings since the 1930s . It came late to the Carnegie Mellon campus because of the hiatus in building activity and a general reluctance among American universities to abandon historical styles . By the 1960s , the International Style was adopted to accomplish needed expansion quickly and affordably with the swelling of student ranks in the aftermath of the GI Bill in 1944 . Each building was a unique architectural statement that may have acknowledged the existing campus in its placement , but not in its form or materials . During the 1970s and 1980s , the tenure of president Richard Cyert ( 1972–1990 ) witnessed a period of growth and development . The research budget grew from roughly $ 12 million annually in the early 1970s to more than $ 110 million in the late 1980s . Researchers in new fields like robotics and software engineering helped the university to build its reputation . One example was the introduction of the `` Andrew `` computing network in the mid-1980s . This project linking all computers and workstations on campus set the standard for educational computing and established Carnegie Mellon as a technology leader in education and research . On April 24 , 1985 , cmu.edu , Carnegie Mellon 's Internet domain , became one of the first six .edu domain names . Since the 1990s [ edit ] Wean Hall , home of the world 's first internet-enabled soda vending machine . [ 27 ] In the 1990s and into the 2000s , Carnegie Mellon solidified its status among American universities , consistently ranking in the top 25 in the national U.S. News & World Report rankings , and in the top 30 ( ranking 28th in 2022 ) amongst universities worldwide . [ 28 ] [ 29 ] Carnegie Mellon is distinct in its interdisciplinary approach to research and education . Through the establishment of programs and centers outside the limitations of departments or colleges , the university has established leadership in fields such as computational finance , information systems , cognitive sciences , management , arts management , product design , behavioral economics , energy science and economics , human–computer interaction , entertainment technology , and decision science . Within the past two decades , the university has built a new university center ( Cohon University Center ) , theater and drama building ( Purnell Center for the Arts ) , business school building ( Tepper School of Business ) , and several dormitories . Baker Hall was renovated in the early 2000s , and new chemistry labs were established in Doherty Hall soon after . Several computer science buildings , such as Newell-Simon Hall , also were established , renovated or renamed in the early 2000s . In 2006 , Carnegie Mellon Trustee Jill Gansman Kraus donated the 80-foot ( 24 m ) -tall sculpture Walking to the Sky , which was placed on the lawn facing Forbes Avenue between the Cohon University Center and Warner Hall . The sculpture was controversial for its placement , the general lack of input from the campus community , and its ( lack of ) aesthetic appeal . [ 30 ] The Gates Hillman Complex , which houses the School of Computer Science . Cohon University Center , which contains an indoor swimming pool , bookstore , student club facilities , gym , and cafeteria . The Gates Hillman Complex opened for occupancy on August 7 , 2009 . [ 31 ] It sits on a 5.6-acre ( 2.3 ha ) site on the university 's West Campus , surrounded by Cyert Hall , the Purnell Center for the Arts , Doherty Hall , Newell-Simon Hall , Smith Hall , Hamburg Hall , and the Robert Mehrabian Collaborative Innovation Center . It contains 318 offices as well as labs , computer clusters , lecture halls , classrooms and a 255-seat auditorium . The Gates Hillman Complex was made possible by a $ 20 million lead gift from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and an additional $ 10 million grant from the Henry L. Hillman Foundation . The Gates Hillman Complex and the Purnell Center for the Arts are connected by the Randy Pausch Memorial Footbridge . [ 32 ] On April 15 , 1997 , Jared L. Cohon , former dean of the Yale School of Forestry & Environmental Studies , was elected president by Carnegie Mellon 's board of trustees . During Cohon 's presidency , Carnegie Mellon continued its trajectory of innovation and growth . His strategic plan aimed to leverage the university 's strengths to benefit society in the areas of biotechnology and life sciences , information and security technology , environmental science and practices , the fine arts and humanities , and business and public policy . In 2006 , following negotiations between President Cohon and South Australian Premier Mike Rann , CMU opened a campus of the Heinz College in the historic Torrens Building in Adelaide , Australia . President Cohon 's term ended on June 30 , 2013 , after which he returned to the faculty at Carnegie Mellon . The Tepper Quadrangle , which includes the new home of the Tepper School of Business , opened in 2018 . On July 1 , 2003 , Carnegie Mellon launched `` Insp ! re Innovation '' , a $ 1 billion comprehensive fundraising campaign . Half of the campaign goal is intended for the endowment to provide