leverage the university 's strengths to benefit society in the areas of biotechnology and life sciences , information and security technology , environmental science and practices , the fine arts and humanities , and business and public policy . In 2006 , following negotiations between President Cohon and South Australian Premier Mike Rann , CMU opened a campus of the Heinz College in the historic Torrens Building in Adelaide , Australia . President Cohon 's term ended on June 30 , 2013 , after which he returned to the faculty at Carnegie Mellon . The Tepper Quadrangle , which includes the new home of the Tepper School of Business , opened in 2018 . On July 1 , 2003 , Carnegie Mellon launched `` Insp ! re Innovation '' , a $ 1 billion comprehensive fundraising campaign . Half of the campaign goal is intended for the endowment to provide long-lasting support for faculty , students and breakthrough innovations . The campaign brought in a total of $ 1.19 billion , with $ 578.5 million going toward Carnegie Mellon 's endowment . It also enabled the university to establish 31 endowed professorships , 97 endowed fellowships and 250 endowed scholarships . [ 33 ] On September 7 , 2011 , William S. Dietrich II , the former chairman of Dietrich Industries , Inc. , a subsidiary of Worthington Industries , Inc. , pledged a gift of $ 265 million , effective on October 6 , 2011 , upon his death . In response to this gift , Carnegie Mellon renamed the College of Humanities and Social Sciences as the Marianna Brown Dietrich College of Humanities and Social Sciences after William Dietrich 's mother . [ 34 ] On April 23 , 2012 , New York 's Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg and New York University 's President John Sexton announced an agreement between New York City , New York 's MTA , and a consortium of academic institutions , and private technology companies that led to the creation in New York of a Center for Urban Science and Progress ( CUSP ) . The Center for Urban Science and Progress ( CUSP ) is an applied science research institute composed of a partnership of institutions from around the globe , led by New York University with a consortium of universities including Carnegie Mellon , the University of Warwick , the City University of New York , the Indian Institute of Technology Bombay , and the University of Toronto . Carnegie Mellon 's campus in Kigali , Rwanda . In September 2012 , Carnegie Mellon announced the construction of the Sherman and Joyce Bowie Scott Hall on the Pittsburgh campus . The new building is situated between Hamerschlag Hall , Roberts Hall , and Wean Hall and houses the university-wide Wilton E. Scott Institute for Energy Innovation , the Bertucci Nanotechnology Lab , the Engineering Research Accelerator ( formerly known as the Institute for Complex Engineered Systems ) , the Disruptive Health Technologies Institute , and the Department of Biomedical Engineering . [ 35 ] Further , in November 2013 , Carnegie Mellon announced a $ 67 million gift from David Tepper , who previously donated $ 56 million , to develop the Tepper Quadrangle on the north campus . The Tepper Quad includes a new Tepper School of Business facility across Forbes Avenue from a renovated and expanded Hamburg Hall ( home to Heinz College ) [ 36 ] as well as other university-wide buildings and a welcome center which serves as a public gateway to the university . [ 37 ] In April 2015 , Carnegie Mellon , in collaboration with Jones Lang LaSalle , announced the planning of a second office space structure , alongside the Robert Mehrabian Collaborative Innovation Center , an upscale and full-service hotel , and retail and dining development along Forbes Avenue . This complex will connect to the Tepper Quadrangle , the Heinz College , the Tata Consultancy Services Building , and the Gates-Hillman Center to create an innovation corridor on the university campus . The effort is intended to continue to attract major corporate partnerships to create opportunities for research , teaching , and employment with students and faculty . [ 38 ] On October 30 , 2019 , Carnegie Mellon publicly announced the launch of `` Make Possible : The Campaign for Carnegie Mellon University '' , a campaign which seeks to raise $ 2 billion to advance the university 's priorities , including campus development . [ 39 ] Alongside the Tepper Quad and Hamburg Hall , Carnegie Mellon finished construction in 2020 on TCS Hall , an innovation center made possible with a $ 35 million gift from Tata Consultancy Services . [ 40 ] Carnegie Mellon plans to collaborate with Emerald Cloud Lab to construct the world 's first cloud lab in a university setting . The Carnegie Mellon University Cloud Lab is planned to be completed by the spring of 2023 . Carnegie Mellon also plans to construct a new mechanical engineering building by fall 2023 ( Scaife Hall ) , a new $ 105 million athletics center by fall 2024 ( Highmark Center for Health , Wellness and Athletics ) , a $ 210 million Science Futures Building ( R.K. Mellon Hall of Sciences ) by 2026 , [ 41 ] as well as a Robotics Innovation Center at Hazelwood Green , in addition to new dormitories and other buildings in the coming years . [ 42 ] On February 5 , 2013 , Carnegie Mellon announced the selection of Subra Suresh , Director of the National Science Foundation and Dean of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology School of Engineering , as its ninth president effective July 1 , 2013 . [ 43 ] Suresh stepped down in June 2017 [ 44 ] and was replaced by Farnam Jahanian , the university 's interim-president and former provost , in March 2018 . [ 45 ] On September 8 , 2022 , Carnegie Mellon announced a $ 275.7 million partnership with the Mastercard Foundation to support Carnegie Mellon University Africa in Kigali , Rwanda . Carnegie Mellon 's Kigali campus provides graduate-level study in engineering and artificial intelligence . On November 6 , 2023 , Carnegie Mellon Trustee Ray Lane and his wife Stephanie Lane invested $ 25 million in support of the university 's Computational Biology department . [ 46 ] On April 12 , 2024 , Carnegie Mellon broke ground for construction of its new Richard King Mellon Hall of Sciences , a 338,900 square-foot addition