offers an undergraduate Bachelor of Science and Arts ( BSA ) degree in conjunction with the College of Fine Arts . [ 129 ] Inside the Gates-Hillman Complex of the School of Computer Science . The School of Computer Science : Carnegie Mellon helped define , and continually redefines , the field of computer science . The School of Computer Science is recognized internationally as one of the top schools for computer science [ 130 ] and has been consistently ranked the best in the country . The School of Computer Science includes seven departments : the Computer Science Department , Ray and Stephanie Lane Computational Biology Department , Robotics Institute , Machine Learning Department , the Human–Computer Interaction Institute , the Language Technologies Institute , and the Software and Societal Systems Department ( S3D ) . It additionally offers the undergraduate Bachelor of Computer Science and Arts ( BCSA ) degree in conjunction with the College of Fine Arts . [ 131 ] The Tepper School of Business ( formerly the Graduate School of Industrial Administration ) offers undergraduate programs in Business Administration and Economics ( the latter jointly with the Dietrich College ) , master 's degrees in Business Administration ( MBA ) , Product Management ( MSPM ) and joint degrees in Computational Finance ( MSCF ) with the Dietrich College of Humanities and Social Sciences , the Mellon College of Science , the Heinz College , and the School of Computer Science . In addition , joint degrees are offered with Civil and Environmental Engineering and the Heinz College . The Tepper School also offers doctoral degrees in several areas and presents a number of executive education programs . Following a $ 67 million donation from alumnus David A. Tepper in 2013 , the university expanded the undergraduate business program and named the school after him . In summer of 2015 , a new curriculum was formally instated . [ 132 ] Carnegie Mellon 's Entertainment Technology Center . Carnegie Mellon also runs the Integrative Design , Arts , and Technology ( IDeATe ) Network to provide university-wide arts and technology education to students from every college . IDeATe allows students to take minors or concentrations in Animation and Special Effects , Entrepreneurship for Creative Industries , Game Design , Intelligent Environments , Learning Media , Media Design , Physical Computing , and Sound Design . IDeAte will also offer graduate master 's degrees in Emerging Media , Game Design , Integrative Innovation for Products and Services , Computational Data Science , Urban Design , and Production Technology and Management . IDeATe also manages the Entertainment Technology Center ( ETC ) in conjunction with the School of Computer Science and the College of Fine Arts . Each master 's degree program has an option to study in the CMU Integrative Media Program ( IMP ) at Steiner Studios in New York City . IDeATe Network will be based on the Pittsburgh campus upon the development of recently acquired property on Forbes Avenue west of Junction Hollow . [ 133 ] In addition to research and academic institutions , the university hosts several other educationally driven programs . The Pennsylvania Governor 's School for the Sciences , a state-funded summer program that aims to foster interest in science amongst gifted high school students is run on campus every summer . The university also runs Carnegie Mellon Pre-College , a six-week residential program for rising juniors and seniors in high school and the Summer Academy for Math and Science ( SAMS ) , a free-of-charge STEM immersion program for students from underrepresented backgrounds . The Cyert Center for Early Education is a child care center for Carnegie Mellon faculty and staff , as well as an observational setting for students in child development courses . Carnegie Mellon also developed the Open Learning Initiative which provides free courses online in a variety of fields to students globally . Libraries [ edit ] Hunt Library is the largest library on Carnegie Mellon 's Pittsburgh campus . The Libraries of Carnegie Mellon include Hunt Library , the Roger Sorrells Engineering & Science Library , the Mellon Institute Library , the Posner Center , and the Qatar Library . Additionally , the Libraries ' Million Book Project ( 2001– ) sparked development of the Universal Digital Library . The university libraries host a number of full text special collections for public access , including the Andrew Carnegie Collection , Herbert A. Simon Collection , Allen Newell Collection , the H. John Heinz III Collection , the Pittsburgh Jewish Newspapers Project , and the Posner Memorial Collection . Carnegie Mellon students and faculty have access to the Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh and some University of Pittsburgh libraries through consortial agreements with those institutions . The Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation ( HIBD ) , [ 134 ] dedicated as the Rachel McMasters Miller Hunt Botanical Library in 1961 , has been a research division of CMU since its founding . The HIBD is an international bibliographical research and service in the fields of botany , horticulture , and the history of the plant sciences and has a significant research library and art holdings on the 5th floor of Hunt Library . The university 's Software Engineering Institute also houses a research library . Carnegie Mellon also manages the Naval Reserve Officer Training Corps in Pittsburgh on which students throughout Pittsburgh 's universities rely . Carnegie Mellon partners with the University of Pittsburgh to provide opportunities in Army Reserve Officers ' Training Corps and Air Force Reserve Officer Training Corps to its students . Carnegie Mellon is accredited by the Middle States Commission on Higher Education . [ 135 ] Collaboration with the University of Pittsburgh [ edit ] Carnegie Mellon neighbors the campus of the University of Pittsburgh , and in some cases , buildings of the two universities are intermingled . This helps to facilitate myriad academic and research collaborations between the two schools , [ 136 ] including such projects as the Pittsburgh Supercomputing Center , the Pittsburgh Life Sciences Greenhouse , the Immune Modeling Center , the Center for the Neural Basis of Cognition , the University of Pittsburgh Cancer Institute , as well as the National Science Foundation-supported Pittsburgh Science of Learning Center . [ 137 ] [ 138 ] Further , the universities also offer multiple dual and joint degree programs such as the Medical Scientist Training Program , the Molecular Biophysics and Structural Biology Graduate Program , the Joint CMU-Pitt Ph.D . Program in Computational Biology ,