Higher Education . [ 135 ] Collaboration with the University of Pittsburgh [ edit ] Carnegie Mellon neighbors the campus of the University of Pittsburgh , and in some cases , buildings of the two universities are intermingled . This helps to facilitate myriad academic and research collaborations between the two schools , [ 136 ] including such projects as the Pittsburgh Supercomputing Center , the Pittsburgh Life Sciences Greenhouse , the Immune Modeling Center , the Center for the Neural Basis of Cognition , the University of Pittsburgh Cancer Institute , as well as the National Science Foundation-supported Pittsburgh Science of Learning Center . [ 137 ] [ 138 ] Further , the universities also offer multiple dual and joint degree programs such as the Medical Scientist Training Program , the Molecular Biophysics and Structural Biology Graduate Program , the Joint CMU-Pitt Ph.D . Program in Computational Biology , the Center for Neural Basis of Cognition , and the Law and Business Administration program . Some professors hold joint professorships between the two schools , and students at each university may take classes at the other ( with appropriate approvals ) . [ 139 ] CMU students and faculty also have access to the University of Pittsburgh library system , as well as the Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh . The two universities also co-host academic conferences , such as the 2012 Second Language Research Forum . [ 140 ] In 2015 , in conjunction with the University of Pittsburgh and UPMC , Carnegie Mellon became a partner of the Pittsburgh Health Data Alliance to leverage data analysis in health care . [ 141 ] Discoveries and innovation [ edit ] Simplified evolution of Unix systems . The Mach kernel was a fork from BSD 4.3 that led to NeXTSTEP / OPENSTEP , upon which macOS and iOS is based . Natural sciences [ edit ] Electron diffraction – Clinton Davisson won the 1937 Nobel Prize in Physics for his discovery of electron diffraction in the famous Davisson–Germer experiment , which confirmed the de Broglie hypothesis that particles of matter have a wave-like nature , which is a central tenet of quantum mechanics . In particular , their observation of diffraction allowed the first measurement of a wavelength for electrons . Kevlar – Developed by Stephanie Kwolek at DuPont in 1965 , the high-strength material was first used commercially in the early 1970s as a replacement for steel in racing tires . Kevlar has many applications , ranging from bicycle tires and racing sails to bulletproof vests , all due to its high tensile strength-to-weight ratio ; by this measure , it is five times stronger than steel . Spectroscopy – John L. Hall won the 2005 Nobel Prize in Physics with Theodor W. Hänsch and Roy J. Glauber for his pioneering work on laser-based precision spectroscopy and the optical frequency comb technique . Neutron scattering – Clifford G. Shull was awarded the 1994 Nobel Prize in Physics with Canadian Bertram Brockhouse for their pioneering work in neutron scattering , a technique that reveals where atoms are within a material like ricocheting bullets reveal where obstacles are in the dark . Computer and applied sciences [ edit ] Alice ( software ) – freeware ( for non-commercial purposes ) object-based educational programming language with an integrated development environment ( IDE ) . [ 142 ] Andrew Project – distributed computing environment developed at Carnegie Mellon beginning in 1982 . It was an ambitious project for its time and resulted in an unprecedentedly vast and accessible university computing infrastructure . The goal was to have connected 3M computer workstations . [ 143 ] Artificial intelligence – Several of the first AI software programs were created at Carnegie Mellon . These include the Logic Theorist , General Problem Solver , and Soar . Autonomous vehicle – Navlab , the first autonomous car program was developed by Carnegie Mellon . Since then , H1ghlander and Sandstorm autonomous vehicles were developed at Carnegie Mellon and placed 3rd and 2nd in the DARPA Grand Challenge and Carnegie Mellon 's Boss won the DARPA Grand Challenge ( 2007 ) . [ 144 ] The university continues to be a leader in autonomous research and development . Dynamic random-access memory – In 1966 , Robert H. Dennard invented the one-transistor memory cell consisting of a transistor and a capacitor for which a patent was issued in 1968 . It became the basis for today 's dynamic random-access memory ( DRAM ) . MEMS – Harvey C. Nathanson invented the first MEMS ( micro-electro-mechanical systems ) device of the type now found in products ranging from iPhones to automobiles . Typical MEMS devices include the accelerometers found in smartphones and video game controllers , and the gyroscopes used in automobiles and wearables . Xerox PARC – Founded in 1969 by George Pake and Jack Goldman , Xerox PARC has been at the heart of numerous revolutionary computer developments as laser printing , Ethernet , the modern personal computer , graphical user interface ( GUI ) and desktop paradigm , object-oriented programming , ubiquitous computing , electronic paper , amorphous silicon ( a-Si ) applications , the computer mouse , and advancing very-large-scale integration ( VLSI ) for semiconductors . BLISS – system programming language developed at Carnegie Mellon by W. A. Wulf , D. B. Russell , and A. N. Habermann around 1970 . It was perhaps the best known systems programming language until C made its debut in 1972 . [ 145 ] Emoticon – The first true emoticon was developed at Carnegie Mellon by Scott Fahlman in 1982 . Hashtag – In a 2007 tweet , Chris Messina proposed vertical/associational grouping of messages , trends , and events on Twitter by the means of hashtags . Java – class-based object oriented programming language that was originally developed by James Gosling at Sun Microsystems ( which has since been acquired by Oracle ) and released in 1995 as a core component of Sun Microsystems ' Java platform . Mach ( kernel ) – Richard Rashid and Avie Tevanian developed Mach at Carnegie Mellon from 1985 to 1994 , ending with Mach 3.0 , which is a true microkernel . Mach was developed as a replacement for the kernel in the BSD version of Unix , so no new operating system would have to be designed around it . Experimental research on Mach appears to have ended , although Mach and its derivatives exist within a number of commercial operating systems . These include NeXTSTEP and OPENSTEP ,