, June 21st Map Artists Locations Virtual Filter Map All Genres All Events Rain Accommodations Search Artists All Genres Afrobeat Americana / Bluegrass Brass Classical Country Early Music Experimental Folk Hip-Hop Indie-Folk Indie-Rock Jazz Kids Musical Theater Open To Anything Other Pop Rock Singer / Songwriter Standards World Search Search Venues All Locations Allentown Bloomfield Greenfield Greensburg Lawrenceville Millvale New Brighton Oakland Point Breeze Slippery Rock Westview Other Pittsburgh Search Local Support Sponsor s Thanks to the support of our local business and partners ! We could not do it without you ! Welcome to our newest support Greenhouse Co-Op Cider and Plant ! Brighton Music Center Farina Foundation Pittsburgh Parks Conservancy Unisound Pittsburgh The Frick Pittsburgh West View Hub and Hub Works Greenhouse Co-Op Music Of Pittsburgh Ruckus Coffee Gallery The Greater Pittsburgh Community Food Bank All Together Better Inner Groove Brewing Church Brew Works Greater Pittsburgh Masonic Table Talk Linen Cousins Lounge Millvale PA Farina Foundation The Frick Pittsburgh Greater Pittsburgh Community Food Bank Music of Pittsburgh All Together Better Inner Groove Brewing The Church Brew Works Volunteer and Donate Music Ambassador Volunteer Program A Music Ambassadors can be a high school or college student who is involved in any school music program that would like to help represent our community . This can be done by volunteering their time with Make Music Day Pittsburgh.This opportunity includes being part of special events virtually or at various locations around the area . Connect with local musicians to represent the best and brightest within the local music community . This person also identifies opportunities with area schools and other musicians . This is an amazing opportunity to get involved with the Pittsburgh Music Community and meet other like minded students and network . This volunteer opportunity allows for help with hours needed for community service or for college majors and degrees that need to be completed with credits or graduation . Complete this form/link to sent a request . Google Form Donate All concerts are free and open to the public . That being said , your donations help make it possible . If you would like to donate to Make Music Day Pittsburgh , please contact us . Volunteer Having people join our team increases the chances for further success for Make Music Day . Complete this form/link to sent a request . Google Form If you would like to donate , become a Music Ambassador or Volunteer on Make Music Day , please contact us at pittsburgh @ makemusicday.org Support Our Community Make Music Day Virtual Food Drive In order to continue to support our neighbors who are experiencing food insecurity during these difficult times , we are hosting a virtual food drive ! For every $ 1 donated , the Food Bank can provide up to 5 meals for the children , families and seniors they serve across Southwestern PA . Thank you for your continued support ! Give Today ! ! ! # MySongIsYourSong Join the global song swap for Make Music Day ! Learn a song by another artist and hear yours covered in return . Songwriters , composers and bands of all styles and walks of life are invited to participate ! Partners will be introduced by June 5th , carefully matched . This year , we ’ ll focus on far-flung pairings to connect you to musicians in new places . You ’ ll make their song your own , share a video of it on Instagram or YouTube June 21st , and use # MySongIsYourSong to join in the celebration ! We are also excited to announce special prizes for two lucky # MySongIsYourSong participants : They will receive prizes from Focusrite/Novation and Flight Ukulele . Also pair of songwriters will be selected at random to receive these prize bundles . To enter to win , just : Register using the form , below Receive your pairing with another songwriter Record your cover of their song Post it on Instagram or YouTube , and Send the link to catherine @ makemusicday.org by midnight ( New York time ) on June 21 , 2024 . Registration has closed at this time ! But follow all of the great artist that participated Listen Here ! Join the conversation following # MySongIsYourSong on YouTube , Facebook and Instagram . # MySongIsYourSong : 2022 Archive # MySongIsYourSong : 2021 Archive Monument Lighting We are excited to have the monument lighting again in Pittsburgh . Check out the city Skyline to see the buildings light up ORANGE in support of Make Music Globally ! Special thanks to The Koppers Building , Federated and also the Gulf Tower from 2023 . Press 2020 : Pittsburgh Post Gazette : What ’ s Happening in Pittsburgh Next Pittsburgh : 14 Things To Do This Weekend by Jenifer Baron 2019 : Vox Culture : The Global Midsummer Musical Bash by Alissa Wilkinson Kidsburgh : Wan na Play On Your Drum All Day by Kristy Locklin Slippery Rock University : SRU Music Facultry and Students Team Together to Compose Youth Experience by Megan Bush 2017 : KDKA : On Air Coverage Make Music Day 2017 2016 : Local Pittsburgh : Make Music Festival Brings PGH Musicians Out of Woodwork by Julianna Bagwell Pittsburgh Tribune Review : Pittsburgh Picks Up the Beat of Global Make Music Day by Rex Rutkoski 2015 : Pittsburgh Post Gazette : Let the Music Play all day Sunday by Amy Brooks : Tribune Review : Outdoor Concerts to fill Pittsburgh with Music on Make Music Day by Rex Rutkoski Pittsburgh City Paper : This Sunday , the international Make Music festival comes to Pittsburgh by Margaret Welsh Pittsburgh Post Gazette : Make Music Pittsburgh – Call for Artists and Venues by Elizabeth Bloom 3-minute video of various concerts from 2015 : edited by Tom Weber * If you are interested in writing about Make Music Pittsburgh , please contact us at pittsburgh @ makemusicday.org – and thank you ! * Photos from Past Events ! Thanks to All of the Great Participants , Musicians , Venues and Performers ! These are some of our favorites from the last couple of years . Contact Make Music Day Pittsburgh has a rockin ’ team ! Thanks to these amazing people the events gets bigger every year . Interested in joining ? Contact us at pittsburgh @ makemusicday.org or fill out our Google Form Advisory Committee Brad Wittmer -President/Director Emily Bovan Music Ambassador Bob Gally ( Media Manager ) Beth Schiemer ( New Brighton PA ) Music Helper Volunteer Cody Wittmer