ortizonkeyz2601 on Insta Cattivo Head down the hill from Brillobox and into Lawrenceville to Cattivo , yet another alt-friendly dive venue that has been bringing live music to the city for decades . Head to their Obscure parties monthly that encourage you to let you freak flag fly as a variety of DJs play everything EDM from classic to modern genres . Their stage holds a variety of bands weekly , but especially focuses on the gothic , industrial and dark alt scenes . Pro Tip : Skip their website and Insta . Find all of their upcoming events on Facebook . Government Center Perhaps best known for their huge selection of vinyl , this record shop also manages to pack in a nice crowd with national musicians from noise rank to folk country to enjoy as you browse the wax . These owners live and breathe music , so I encourage you to explore every inch of this store and ask questions ; you never know what you 're going to uncover here . Pro Tip : This is secretly my favorite coffee shop in Pittsburgh . Even if you 're not into music , try it out when you 're in the Northside . Concerts among stacks of wax ? Let 's go Bottlerocket Social Hall Imagine you could transport right to a 70s bar in an iconic Pittsburgh neighborhood without needing time travel . You 're in luck because Bottlerocket has all the wood paneling you 'll ever need , and it 's all original from the bones of the Allentown bar it was made from . What their owners have added to this time capsule of a bar is incredible live comedy , movie screenings and , most importantly for this blog , a kickin ' music venue for everything alt and even vinyl release parties . Pro Tip : If you go to a seated show , you can order your beer right from a QR code and have it brought directly to your seat so you never miss a minute . Can every venue start doing this ? ? Tequila Cowboy Country fans , we have live music venues for you , too ! Saddle up and head to Tequila Cowboy on most Thursdays , Fridays and Saturdays for a rotating mix of featured country artists from the Burgh and beyond . While this place plays both types of music ( country and western ) wander back to the karaoke bar and sing to your heart 's content at this go-to party place . Photo Credit : @ briannablankenshipmusic on Insta Moondog 's As old school as it gets , Moondog 's has been cranking up the volume for decades in Blawnox , with fantastic acoustics supporting the best blues and rock groups in the Burgh . Pro Tip : Even if you 're just stopping in for a drink , the wall of guitars behind the bar and dog-musician mural on the opposite side are worth a visit alone . This Is Red In Pittsburgh , we love churches-turned-music venues . At This is Red , St. Michael 's Slovakian Roman Catholic has been resurrected into the event space and concert venue . Highlights of this venue include an intricate rose window on the outside , an exciting second life for the original Brinkerhoff piano and mural-covered Grotto which all combines into perfect ambiance for shows that include jazz , experimental , electronic and more . View this post on Instagram A post shared by Stephen Weiss ( @ stephenweiss_ ) The Bridge Music Bar Neon purplish hues emanate from this new , upscale music venue in East Liberty that keeps local bands at the forefront . The same minds behind Howlers ( now closed , but this used to be the best Bloomfield bar ever ) opened up this fantastic brunch/event space/live music venue/restaurant/bar . Just follow the neon sign to their monthly jazz night , live band karaoke , reggae nights and much more live music fun . 222 Ormsby After so many smaller venues went silent during the pandemic , I knew nature was healing when 222 Ormsby opened back up to live music in 2023 . Prepare to two-step to Pittsburgh 's best ska , punk , alt and more plus unique events like their Folk Punkapalooza in this lo-fi venue focused solely on the music . View this post on Instagram A post shared by Pittsburgh Punk Rock ( @ pghpunkrock ) Rock Room Do n't be intimidated by the graffiti and stickers covering every square inch of this Polish Hill venue , including the bathrooms . This is a fantastic punk bar that pulls in a supportive crowd and for a raucous , fun night of live music . Oh , and the food is dirt cheap and the portions are massive . What else could you need ? Pro Tips : This is one of few bars where you can still smoke inside . Do n't miss the pinball machines and even a chess table in the back . Poetry Lounge The stage is small , the entrance looks like a house and there 's wood paneling all over the place . And , it 's absolutely perfect . I was initially so bummed out when Whisper Nest ( one of my favorite Millvale Music Festival locations ) was closing , but Poetry Lounge reinvented this space and made it even better . All of the decor and vibes I loved remained the same , but the new owners added even more live music and some exciting new cocktails to keep this a happening place for the local music scene in and around Millvale . Pro Tip : Follow their Insta account for the weekly lineup of poetry slams , dance parties , DJs and live music . If the venue looks like this from the outside , you know the music inside is going to rock . Crafthouse Crafthouse is my go-to when I want a good meal , a big selection of craft beer and a fun night of music with my friends . I love getting here early and enjoying apps and drinks during the opening acts in the spacious bar and dining room , then moseying down to the 500-capacity stage for the main act . Crafthouse gets in a bit of everything , from local cover bands to electronic , country , alt and more , so keep an eye on their ever-changing events calendar . Pro Tips : Wingerogies .