the local music scene in and around Millvale . Pro Tip : Follow their Insta account for the weekly lineup of poetry slams , dance parties , DJs and live music . If the venue looks like this from the outside , you know the music inside is going to rock . Crafthouse Crafthouse is my go-to when I want a good meal , a big selection of craft beer and a fun night of music with my friends . I love getting here early and enjoying apps and drinks during the opening acts in the spacious bar and dining room , then moseying down to the 500-capacity stage for the main act . Crafthouse gets in a bit of everything , from local cover bands to electronic , country , alt and more , so keep an eye on their ever-changing events calendar . Pro Tips : Wingerogies . Do I have your attention ? Pittsburgh 's favorite dumpling , fried and tossed with the wing sauce of your choice and served with ranch or bleu cheese . Mangia ! Also , parking can get full here quickly , but do n't park at business lots next door . Do street parking in the neighborhood instead where permitted . Jergel 's With live music almost every night , Jergel 's is another great example of buffeting your 500-person venue with a sit-down restaurant concept that makes this an all-night affair . Just in case you 're not into the music that night , there 's also an outdoor patio with fire pits , a cigar and scotch bar , and televisions everywhere to keep you occupied . Pro Tip : Head up to the balcony . You can get almost directly above the stage for an unmatched view of the musicians and the sound is even better up there . View this post on Instagram A post shared by Fleischkrieg ( @ fleischkrieg ) Preserving Underground Pittsburgh 's hardcore/metal scene is frankly one of the best-kept secrets in the city , and the rapid expansion of Preserving in New Kensington is quickly helping to change that . This now three-in-one venue , plus a record store , can do everything from the 800-person venue framed by stained glass in a reclaimed church to basement shows seating 300 and an intimate DIY space . Despite the energy of the performances , the hardcore community is full of the nicest people I 've ever met . So do n't be afraid to get in the pit and be active during the show . View this post on Instagram A post shared by Bloody Run | Metal Band ( @ bloodyrun_band ) Con Alma Pittsburgh 's jazz legacy is a story we love to tell at VisitPITTSBURGH . While the most famous venues on the Hill District that helped spawn countless careers are now closed , Con Alma Downtown keeps this heritage alive . Every night of the week , Con Alma has world-class jazz musicians playing just feet away from a top-ranked bar and food that is consistently named one of the best bites in the Burgh . MCG Jazz Furthering our jazz legacy each month are the talented acts brought in by MCG Jazz , a 350-seat venue that brings in legends and emerging artists of the scene . MCG Jazz usually hosts a few shows per month , and audiophiles will love the attention to fidelity in this venue , which regularly churns out incredible albums and live recordings ( albums produced here have won 5 GRAMMY awards ) . View this post on Instagram A post shared by MCG Jazz ( @ mcgjazz ) Enclave One of the hottest night clubs in the South Side , Enclave goes all out as a performance venue with lighting , effects and sound that rivals venues twice the size . This in turn attracts the attention nationally touring DJs , EDM artists and more that fill out their concerts list , with house DJs and other special events making each weekend a party . View this post on Instagram A post shared by Enclave ( @ enclavepgh ) The Original Pittsburgh Winery Wine casks serve as a very fitting backdrop to the myriad of performers who grace the stage of The Cellar , the Original Pittsburgh Winery 's full-fledged music venue located right under their tasting room . Live music also happens multiple times per week in their tasting room , allowing you to see local performers and national touring acts all in one piece while you enjoy some of the best wine in the state . View this post on Instagram A post shared by The Original Pittsburgh Winery ( @ pghwinery ) The Oaks Theater The Jewel of Oakmont continues to shine just as brightly as when it opened in 1938 . This movie theatre is still a great place to catch a special screening , but The Oaks Theater has evolved into a happening live music space bringing in local powerhouses and national acts which quickly sell out . Stay in the know on their events page . View this post on Instagram A post shared by The Oaks Theater ( @ theoakstheater ) Squirrel Hill Sports Bar While the rest of us were cooped up inside during the pandemic , the Squirrel Hill Sports Bar was expanding into a 225-capacity venue . Enjoy live music that includes local artists and specialty themed nights ranging from emo to anime kpop at this local gem . View this post on Instagram A post shared by Squirrel Hill Sports Bar ( @ sqhillsportsbar ) The Crafty Jackalope These are n't necessarily ticketed concerts , but The Crafty Jackalope in Bridgeville is one of those great restaurants where you can hear live music a few times per week as you enjoy your meal . And , with a stunning beer selection and great wings , you 'll see why this neighborhood hotspot is less of a hidden gem each week . View this post on Instagram A post shared by James Beswick ( @ iamjim93 ) Cobra Your next night out can be all in one place at Cobra , which innovates with Japanese BBQ for dinner followed by live DJs on Friday and Saturday nights . The sound system here is impeccable ( they use the pioneering Void Acoustics system ) which draws in some of the top names in house , trap , EDM , hip-hop and more to live events here . View this post on Instagram A