necessarily ticketed concerts , but The Crafty Jackalope in Bridgeville is one of those great restaurants where you can hear live music a few times per week as you enjoy your meal . And , with a stunning beer selection and great wings , you 'll see why this neighborhood hotspot is less of a hidden gem each week . View this post on Instagram A post shared by James Beswick ( @ iamjim93 ) Cobra Your next night out can be all in one place at Cobra , which innovates with Japanese BBQ for dinner followed by live DJs on Friday and Saturday nights . The sound system here is impeccable ( they use the pioneering Void Acoustics system ) which draws in some of the top names in house , trap , EDM , hip-hop and more to live events here . View this post on Instagram A post shared by Cobra Parties Every Friday & Saturday ( @ cobranights ) Kelly Strayhorn Theater A place of community . experimentation and collective action , Kelly Strayhorn Theater makes a mark with innovative workshops , classes , performances and more throughout the year . The venue also serves as an iconic live music stage in the heart of East Liberty with one-of-a-kind programming including the Pittsburgh Composers ' Project concert celebrating local creators . View this post on Instagram A post shared by Kelly Strayhorn Theater ( @ kstheater ) The Underground Located beneath the oldest standing gay bar in Pittsburgh , The Underground is a subterranean escape containing one of the best new venues in the Burgh . Follow their Insta for updates on upcoming discotech , club nights and end of the week dance parties in this welcoming , inclusive space where you can be you . View this post on Instagram A post shared by Brewer 's Bar + Hotel ( @ brewerspittsburgh ) Stage AE As we transition into some of the bigger live music venues on this list , it 's worth putting the spotlight on Stage AE , maybe the most perfect mid-size venue that 's ever been created . During warmer months , this is the place to see tons of national touring acts outside and with a nice lawn space . During colder months , the indoor vibe here can still fit major acts with incredible sound fidelity and lighting , or scaled all the way down to their Club at Stage AE experience for smaller acts . Besides Smalls and Roxian , this is the venue I probably end up going to the most . There 's a huge variety of genres that pass through here and the live experience somehow manages to still feel intimate even with 5,000 others around you . Pro Tip : Add the Quick Pass to your tickets and avoid waiting in line hours in advance to get to the front row for GA shows . This add on gives you your own line and easy entry to the venue . UPMC Events Center With seating for 4,000 , the UPMC Events Center on the RMU campus in Moon Township is the best large venue you have yet to see a show at . Opened in 2019 , this event venue transforms into a full concert experience with full load-ins for nationally touring acts , local legends and comedians . And do n't worry about this being a college campus ; their concourse offers full concessions and seasonal beer offerings to keep the party going . Pro Tip : Parking is free here ! Howl at the Moon The possibilities of live music and theatre surround you in the cultural district , but for a guaranteed good night out , Howl at the Moon should be your Downtown destination . This dueling piano bar brings hilarious and high-quality live entertainment and is perfect for those that want to dance and be involved with the show , plus a rotating list of drink specials and themed holiday nights also make it a great stop for parties , corporate events and more . Hard Rock Cafe Baseball , apple pie , and Hard Rock Cafe . These American institutions have been around for a reason , and our Hard Rock location in Station Square offers beautiful city reviews , a variety of live music from local performers , unplugged brunch acoustic events , karaoke and more . Plus , you ca n't beat the views from our south shore for a scenic view of the city . Rivers Casino While most people think of casinos for gambling , drinks and great food , Rivers Casino also provides a ton of live entertainment to patrons . National acts like Styx and DJ Pauly D have filled their Events Center , but my favorite venue here is their Drum Bar accented by an 80-foot lighting feature . Free acts of Pittsburgh local favorites like Jeff Jimerson and Chris Higbee pack this events calendar , making your night out even more fun , even if you do n't gamble . August Wilson Cultural Center With a permanent exhibit to August Wilson and rotating exhibits to other nationally recognized artists , the August Wilson African American Cultural Center also boasts an impressive 500-seat venue increasingly being used to bring even more live music to Pittsburgh . They kick off the Blues & Heritage Festival here yearly and their music series Soul Sessions brings in jazz , soul , funk , blues and other artists to this smaller venue where there 's not a bad seat in the house . Cultural District Theaters Who knows what you might see in our vibrant Cultural District , full of gorgeous theaters that entertain with Broadway productions , magic shows and much more . Heinz Hall is the home of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra , and this 2,600+ seat venue is a dream for concert goers with perfect acoustics and plush seating . This venue also will bring in national touring acts and holiday concerts , too . The Benedum Center has been restored to its 1928 glory and is one of the poshest venues on this list . While home to the Pittsburgh Opera , this 2,800-seat venue also sees a variety of music acts perform here throughout the year . The Byham is smaller at 1,300 seats , and where you can see productions from the Bridge Theater Series , Pittsburgh Dance Council and Pittsburgh Musical Theater , but keep an eye on their events calendar for specialty concerts too , like a