Cultural District , full of gorgeous theaters that entertain with Broadway productions , magic shows and much more . Heinz Hall is the home of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra , and this 2,600+ seat venue is a dream for concert goers with perfect acoustics and plush seating . This venue also will bring in national touring acts and holiday concerts , too . The Benedum Center has been restored to its 1928 glory and is one of the poshest venues on this list . While home to the Pittsburgh Opera , this 2,800-seat venue also sees a variety of music acts perform here throughout the year . The Byham is smaller at 1,300 seats , and where you can see productions from the Bridge Theater Series , Pittsburgh Dance Council and Pittsburgh Musical Theater , but keep an eye on their events calendar for specialty concerts too , like a special Herbie Hancock performance in 2024 . And do n't count out Greer Cabaret Theater , newly renovated and with ability to have inspired food and drink options brought to your table as you enjoy the show . There 's free live music here weekly including jazz , quintets , drums and more . PPG Paints Arena Ok , now we 're getting into the big , BIG arena shows . While Penguins hockey is usually taking the ice inside , PPG Paints Arena easily converts into a home for Monster Jam , Disney on Ice , WWE and a fantastic lineup of stadium touring music acts , seating 15-20k depending on where the stage is . Trans-Siberian Orchestra always puts on a spectacle here yearly ( I like to sit on the sides so I do n't miss a thing ) while the rest of the acts include classics like the Boss and Iron Maiden to Fallout Boy , Travis Scott and Greta Van Fleet . Pro Tip : With a newly upgraded sound system , PPG now has the best audio fidelity for any venue this size . Any excuse to add Blink 182 to my blog is a good one < 3 Petersen Events Center The home of Pitt DI Basketball doubles as a 9,000+ seat venue for live music , and no matter which artist I 've seen there , this place never disappoints . Despite being almost double the size of Stage AE , it still manages to feel like you 're close to the artist no matter where you sit , and the venue lends itself to some of the more creative stage setups to make concerts here always just a bit more memorable than anywhere else . Pro Tip : Do n't wait in that huge line going downhill outside of the venue . Head to the other line that wraps around the building instead to save your calves . Acrisure Stadium The home of the Steelers also transforms into the biggest live music venue in the city for unforgettable shows from the world 's top performers on the North Shore . Taylor Swift set the record here in 2023 when her Eras Tour brought in a whopping 73,117 Swifties on night two of her stay . When you want to see the biggest acts on the planet with amazing pyrotechnics and unbelievably stage setups , it does n't get better than Acrisure . Pro Tip : Leave the bags at home and give yourself time to get through the gates . Photo Credit : @ Lenkmel on Insta PNC Park Crowds at the home of the Pirates range from 35-45k fans in attendance , with the stage usually placed in the outfield so seats can fill the infield and utilize all the normal seating for the show . You can expect to see a country concert or two plus a touring classic rock act here each summer , but the real winner here is always watching the sunset with our skyline as a backdrop . Pro Tips : As far as food goes , this is one venue I highly recommend eating at ! Stick to the outfield walls for my favorite stadium bites . Do n't be afraid to go to a Pirates game and test out your seat and view to the outfield and avoid any sections that might have you turned more towards the infield . Music Festivals , Breweries & More The live music continues to fill Pittsburgh on a nightly basis . I 've covered as many venues as possible that lend themselves to live music , but that does n't mean you wo n't find great music other places . Bars throughout the city often will have a DJ or rock act for you to enjoy , breweries will be jamming with as many live acts as they have food trucks , and oftentimes you 'll find an artist just performing in Market Square for free . And remember to keep an eye on our packed list of music festivals throughout the year which celebrate our unique neighborhoods and all of the musical influences that make our city special . Hope to see you in the pit ! Related Blogs Upcoming Concerts in Pittsburgh Plan your 2024 fall concert lineup at iconic Pittsburgh venues . Learn More Pittsburgh Music Festivals To Jam To Pittsburgh hosts a number of fantastic music festivals throughout the year . Make plans to catch a few of these must-see events . Learn More A Mac Miller Fan ’ s Guide to Pittsburgh ​In the world of hip-hop , few artists have left a mark as indelible as Mac Miller Learn More Pittsburgh ’ s Northside Music Festival The Northside 's Free Music Festival Returns July 12-14 , 2024 in Deutschtown Learn More Credit | Megan McGinnis A Country Girl Can Survive | Country Concert Itinerary As Shania Twain once said , “ Let ’ s Go Girls ! ” Learn More Keep on Rockin ’ at The Oaklander Recording Studio Write Your Own Story One Note at a Time Learn More Author Jared B . Enthusiastic Pittsburgher Always in search of the next great craft beer and arcade . Can be found in the Supporters Section of Pittsburgh Riverhounds games and at whatever festival is happening in the city . Related Content : Save The Original Pittsburgh Winery 2809 Penn Ave. Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania 15222 Details Open in Google Maps Map The Original Pittsburgh Winery The Original Pittsburgh Winery 2809 Penn Ave. Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania 15222 ( 412 ) 566-1000 Details Website Save City Winery 1627 Smallman St. Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania