Pittsburgh Opera 's 2023 Piano Sale is Aug. 24-27 Robert and Christine Pietrandrea commit $ 500,000 to sponsor Pittsburgh Opera productions Pittsburgh Opera presents two modern operas in May during international opera conference Emily Richter a Grand Finals Winner of Metropolitan Opera ’ s Laffont Competition Pittsburgh Opera presents two modern operas in May during international opera conference Close No Events EVENTS ‹ › Today Jump To : Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Watch the video above to get to know us Established by five intrepid women in 1939 , Pittsburgh Opera is viewed as one of the most vibrant opera organizations in the U.S. , with a rich artistic tradition , outstanding educational programs , an acclaimed artist training program , and a progressive outlook toward the future . We invite everyone to learn more about our Mission & History as well as our Inclusion , Diversity , Equity , and Accessibility ( IDEA ) initiatives . Pittsburgh Opera , Inc. , is a Level II member of Opera America and a constituent organization of the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust . We are a tax exempt 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) organization and an Equal Opportunity Employer . Pittsburgh Opera is rated Platinum , their highest rating , by industry-leading Guidestar , an information service specializing in reporting on U.S. nonprofit companies . Pittsburgh Opera has been evaluated by Charity Navigator , the world ’ s largest and most trusted nonprofit evaluator , and earned a Four-Star Rating . This is the highest possible rating on Charity Navigator . Charity Navigator ’ s third-party accreditation validates our organization ’ s operational excellence . 2425 LIBERTY AVE. PITTSBURGH , PA 15222 P. 412-281-0912 Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Instagram Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Contact Us Directions & Parking Auditions Employment Media Releases Privacy Policy Site Map Board Of Directors Login BUY TICKETS GIVE NOW SUBSCRIBE ©2024 PITTSBURGH OPERA