Resident Artists Pittsburgh Opera 's 2023 Piano Sale is Aug. 24-27 Robert and Christine Pietrandrea commit $ 500,000 to sponsor Pittsburgh Opera productions Pittsburgh Opera presents two modern operas in May during international opera conference Emily Richter a Grand Finals Winner of Metropolitan Opera ’ s Laffont Competition Pittsburgh Opera presents two modern operas in May during international opera conference Close No Events EVENTS ‹ › Today Jump To : Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Get directions to the Bitz Opera Factory and learn about nearby restaurants and businesses via this link . In April 2008 , Pittsburgh Opera moved into its new home at 2425 Liberty Avenue in the Strip District . The building not only has a deep connection to Pittsburgh ’ s storied past – it was built as George Westinghouse ’ s original air brake factory in 1869 – but gives Pittsburgh Opera a bright future . In 2021 , in grateful recognition of Francois Bitz 's exceptional generosity and long affiliation with the company , Pittsburgh Opera was proud to re-name its headquarters in the Strip District , the Bitz Opera Factory . At 45,000 square feet , the $ 8 million project features offices , 4,000 square feet of rehearsal spaces , costume , wig , and makeup shops , and a kitchen , meeting the “ multimedia ” requirements of opera . The renovation resulted in Silver-level LEED certification in the Operations and Maintenance category in June 2011 , and incorporates the site ’ s exposed brick interiors , 150 historically-accurate windows and original metal fire safes . Pittsburgh Opera ’ s building was designed by IKM . A new wrap-around metal , neon , and LEED sign was designed by Bill Kolano . Contractor is Massaro Corporation . The Bitz Opera Factory is the original home of the George Westinghouse Air Brake Factory . The air brake revolutionized railroad transportation . Guests enter the Bitz Opera Factory through this casual , welcoming lobby . The `` Garage '' Conference room has corrugated siding and a clear glass garage door entry . The George R. White Opera Studio is the home of many of our community events , including Brown Bag concerts . Our Five Founders are honored with a memorial plaque in our most-used public space . Our Wardrobe department stores everything from shoes to corsets to scarves to jewelry , and manufactures costumes when needed . The wig and makeup area , located within the Wardrobe department . The Library holds a treasure trove of books , scores , libretti , recordings , industry magazines , and more . Detail from the top of George Westinghouse 's metal safe . Pittsburgh Opera is LEED Certified Silver in the Operations and Maintenance category . Pittsburgh Opera is LEED Certified Silver in the Operations and Maintenance category . BITZ OPERA FACTORY SPACE RENTALS Katelyn Rose Photography Go to `` Hold Your Event at Pittsburgh Opera '' for details and specifications about renting our space for weddings , meetings , and other events . 2425 LIBERTY AVE. PITTSBURGH , PA 15222 P. 412-281-0912 Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Instagram Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Contact Us Directions & Parking Auditions Employment Media Releases Privacy Policy Site Map Board Of Directors Login BUY TICKETS GIVE NOW SUBSCRIBE ©2024 PITTSBURGH OPERA