Resident Artists Pittsburgh Opera 's 2023 Piano Sale is Aug. 24-27 Robert and Christine Pietrandrea commit $ 500,000 to sponsor Pittsburgh Opera productions Pittsburgh Opera presents two modern operas in May during international opera conference Emily Richter a Grand Finals Winner of Metropolitan Opera ’ s Laffont Competition Pittsburgh Opera presents two modern operas in May during international opera conference Close No Events EVENTS ‹ › Today Jump To : Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec CAVALLERIA RUSTICANA/ PAGLIACCI Music by Pietro Mascagni , Libretto by Guido Menasci and Giovanni Targioni-Tozzetti ( Cavalleria ) Music and libretto by Ruggero Leoncavallo ( Pagliacci ) • NOVEMBER 9 , 12 , 15 , 17 , 2024 BUY TICKETS An adulterous double feature Jealousy , two-timing , and revenge unite the back-to-back tragedies of Cavalleria Rusticana and Pagliacci . Possessiveness , machismo , and rage fuel their bloody conclusions . Cavalleria Rusticana : On Easter Sunday , Alfio discovers his wife Lola has rekindled her old romance with Turiddu . Pagliacci : Just before a performance of his traveling circus troupe , clown Canio discovers the infidelity of his wife Nedda . Join us for this back-to-back double feature of love and hate—the first time Pittsburgh Opera has performed these two operas together since 1996 ! These performances are sponsored in part by The Gailliot Fund and by a generous gift from Robert and Christine Pietrandrea . Cavalleria Rusticana ( photo credit : Ken Howard ) Pagliacci ( photo credit : Ken Howard ) PERFORMANCE DATES/TIMES/LOCATION Where : Benedum Center , at the corner of 7th Street and Penn Ave , downtown Pittsburgh When : Saturday , November 9 , 2024 * 8:00 PM - ~10:50 PM ( approx . end time ) Tuesday , November 12 , 2024 * 7:00 PM - ~9:50 PM ( approx . end time ) Friday , November 15 , 2024 * 7:30 PM - ~10:20 PM ( approx . end time ) Sunday , November 17 , 2024 * 2:00 PM - ~4:40 PM ( approx . end time ) CAST AND ARTISTIC TEAM Cavalleria Rusticana : Santuzza : Eve Gigliotti Alfio : Sebastian Catana Lola : Audrey Welsh * Turiddu : Rafael Davila Mamma Lucia : Marianne Cornetti * * Pagliacci : Canio : Jonathan Burton Nedda : Caitlin Gotimer * * Beppe : Fran Daniel Laucerica * Tonio : Sebastian Catana Silvio : Ricardo Jose Rivera + Conductor : Antony Walker Stage Director : Daniel Rigazzi Scenic Designer : Steven C. Kemp Costume Designer : Edward Kotanen Wig and Make-up Designer : James Geier Lighting Designer : Cindy Limauro Stage Manager : Cindy Knight Assistant Conductor : Glenn Lewis Chorus Master : Mark Trawka Associate Coach/Pianist : James Lesniak Resident Artist Pianist : Maeve Berry * Assistant Stage Director : Dana Kinney * Assistant Stage Managers : Bee Anderson , Tess Naval + Pittsburgh Opera debut * Pittsburgh Opera Resident Artist * * Pittsburgh Opera Resident Artist alumni SYNOPSIS CAVALLERIA RUSTICANA A village in Sicily , circa 1900 . At dawn on Easter Sunday , Turiddu sings in the distance of his love for Lola , wife of the carter Alfio . She and Turiddu had been a couple before he joined the army . When he returned and found her married to Alfio , he seduced Santuzza but now has abandoned her and rekindled his relationship with Lola . Later in the morning , a distraught Santuzza approaches the tavern of Mamma Lucia , Turiddu ’ s mother , who tells her that her son is away buying wine . But Santuzza knows that Turiddu has been seen during the night in the village . Alfio arrives with a group of men , boasting of his horses—and of Lola . He asks Mamma Lucia if she has any more of her good wine . When she says that Turiddu has gone to get more , Alfio replies that he saw him near his house that same morning . Lucia is surprised , but Santuzza tells her to keep quiet . As the villagers follow the procession to church , Santuzza stays behind and pours out her grief about Turiddu to Mamma Lucia . The old woman expresses her pity , then also leaves for Mass . Turiddu arrives in the piazza . When Santuzza confronts him about his affair with Lola , he denies her accusations . Just then Lola passes by on her way to church . She mocks Santuzza , and Turiddu turns to follow her . Santuzza begs him to stay and implores him not to abandon her . Refusing to listen , Turiddu leaves , and Santuzza curses him . Alfio appears , late for Mass . Santuzza tells him that Lola went to church with Turiddu and reveals that she has been cheating on him . In a rage , Alfio swears to get even and rushes off , leaving behind the now conscience-stricken Santuzza . Returning from the church the villagers gather at Mamma Lucia ’ s tavern . Turiddu leads them in a drinking song , but the atmosphere becomes tense when Alfio appears . He refuses Turiddu ’ s offer of wine and instead challenges him to a knife fight . Turiddu admits his guilt but is determined to go through with the fight , for Santuzza ’ s sake as well as for his honor . The two men agree to meet outside the village . Alone with his mother , Turiddu begs her to take care of Santuzza if he doesn ’ t come back , then runs off to the fight . As Mamma Lucia waits anxiously , shouts are heard in the distance . A woman runs in screaming that Turiddu has been killed . PAGLIACCI PROLOGUE Tonio the clown announces that what the audience is about to see is a true story and that actors have the same joys and sorrows as other people . ACT I The same Sicilian village , 1949 . A small theatrical company has just arrived and Canio , the head of the troupe , advertises the night ’ s performance to the gathered crowd . One of the villagers suggests that Tonio is secretly courting Canio ’ s young wife , Nedda . Canio warns them all that he will not tolerate any flirting offstage—life and theater are not the same . As the crowd disperses , Nedda is left alone , disturbed by her husband ’ s jealousy . She looks up to the sky , envying