Pittsburgh Opera 's 2023 Piano Sale is Aug. 24-27 Robert and Christine Pietrandrea commit $ 500,000 to sponsor Pittsburgh Opera productions Pittsburgh Opera presents two modern operas in May during international opera conference Emily Richter a Grand Finals Winner of Metropolitan Opera ’ s Laffont Competition Pittsburgh Opera presents two modern operas in May during international opera conference Close No Events EVENTS ‹ › Today Jump To : Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec MADAMA BUTTERFLY Music by Giacomo Puccini Libretto by Luigi Illica and Giuseppe Giacosa • MARCH 22 , 25 , 28 , 30 , 2025 BUY TICKETS His escape is her cage . In this groundbreaking new production created by an all-Japanese and Japanese American creative team , Madama Butterfly ’ s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect . Pinkerton puts on a VR headset and transports us into a vibrant virtual reality playground where he has ultimate control . As his avatar , a U.S. Navy Lieutenant , he can seduce and marry his fantasy girl and abandon her just as easily . But to Cio-Cio San , this is no game and the love and betrayal she feels is all too real . Enveloped in Puccini ’ s stunning music , this visually beautiful production is the perfect match . Pittsburgh Opera is proud to partner with Cincinnati Opera , Detroit Opera , and Utah Opera to co-produce this reinvention of Puccini ’ s classic , uncovering new and resonant meaning for all audiences to enjoy . These performances are sponsored in part by a generous gift from The Galliot Fund . ( photo credit : Philip Groshong , Cincinnati Opera ) ( photo credit : Philip Groshong , Cincinnati Opera ) ( photo credit : Philip Groshong , Cincinnati Opera ) ( photo credit : Philip Groshong , Cincinnati Opera ) ( photo credit : Philip Groshong , Cincinnati Opera ) ( photo credit : Philip Groshong , Cincinnati Opera ) PERFORMANCE DATES/TIMES/LOCATION Where : Benedum Center , at the corner of 7th Street and Penn Ave , downtown Pittsburgh When : Saturday , March 22 , 2025 * 8:00 PM - ~11:00 PM ( approx . end time ) Tuesday , March 25 , 2025 * 7:00 PM - ~10:00 PM ( approx . end time ) Thursday , March 27 , 2025 * 10:15 AM–1:00 PM ( STUDENT MATINEE ) Friday , March 28 , 2025 * 7:30 PM - ~10:30 PM ( approx . end time ) Sunday , March 30 , 2025 * 2:00 PM - ~5:00 PM ( approx . end time ) CAST AND ARTISTIC TEAM Cio-Cio San : Karah Son + Suzuki : Nozomi Kato + B.F. Pinkerton : Eric Taylor + Sharpless : Nmon Ford Goro : Julius Ahn Kate Pinkerton : Audrey Welsh * Prince Yamadori - TBA The Bonze - TBA Yakusidé - TBA The Imperial Commissioner – TBA The Official Registrar - TBA Cio-Cio-San 's mother – TBA The aunt – TBA The cousin – TBA Dolore ( `` Trouble '' ) - TBA Conductor : Antony Walker Revival / Associate Stage Director : Melanie Bacaling+ Set Designer : Kimie Nishikawa Costume Designer : Maiko Matsushima+ Wig and Make-up Designer : James Geier Assistant Wig and Make-up Designer : Candace Leyland Lighting Designer : Yuki Nakase Link ( Re-created by Kristina Kloss ) Stage Manager : Cindy Knight Assistant Conductor : Glenn Lewis Chorus Master : Mark Trawka Associate Coach/Pianist : James Lesniak Resident Artist Pianist : Maeve Berry * Assistant Stage Director : Anderson Nunnelley+ Assistant Stage Director : Dana Kinney * Assistant Stage Managers : Bee Anderson . Tess Naval Original production conceived and directed by Matthew Ozawa + Pittsburgh Opera debut * Pittsburgh Opera Resident Artist * * Pittsburgh Opera Resident Artist alumni SYNOPSIS In the present day , B.F. Pinkerton enters his apartment and dons a VR headset to escape into a fantasy . Within moments , he rejoins a game which transports him to Nagasaki , where he embodies his avatar as a U.S. Navy lieutenant . He inspects a house that he will occupy with his young bride , Cio-Cio- San ( a.k.a . Madame Butterfly ) . Sharpless , the U.S. Consul , arrives , and Pinkerton shares his vision of a sailor in search of pleasure and the beautiful Japanese girl who has captivated him . Sharpless tries to warn him of this view , but Pinkerton laughs , toasting the American girl who will someday be his “ real ” wife . Butterfly , her colleagues , and family arrive for the wedding . She tells Pinkerton that since her father ’ s death , she now earns her living as a geisha . She also has secretly converted to Christianity . The Imperial Commissioner performs the marriage ceremony . Then , Cio-Cio-San ’ s uncle , the Bonze , bursts in . He curses her , inciting the crowd . Protecting Butterfly , Pinkerton orders the guests away . Butterfly weeps and her new husband consoles her . As night falls in this pleasure fantasy , the lovers share a moonlit duet . Three years later , modern-day Pinkerton and his American wife have grown distant . His only means of escape is through gaming , where he can manipulate his Japanese bride ’ s future . In the virtual world , Cio-Cio-San patiently waits for him . Her servant Suzuki implores the gods for aid , but Butterfly bids her to have faith—one day , Pinkerton will return and embrace his wife again . Sharpless enters with a letter telling of Pinkerton ’ s marriage to an American . Before he can tell Butterfly , Goro interrupts along with a suitor , Prince Yamadori . Cio-Cio-San refuses his marriage proposal . She brings forth her young son , Trouble , and insists that as soon as Pinkerton knows of him , he will return . If not , she would rather die . A cannon roars from the harbor , and Butterfly discovers Pinkerton ’ s ship coming into port . She and Suzuki strew the house with blossoms . As evening falls , she prepares to keep vigil through the night . Modern-day Pinkerton turns off the game and goes to bed . In the middle of the night , the game turns on , luring him back to play the next level , where he chooses how he will impact Butterfly ’ s destiny . Pinkerton chooses an