of Pinkerton ’ s marriage to an American . Before he can tell Butterfly , Goro interrupts along with a suitor , Prince Yamadori . Cio-Cio-San refuses his marriage proposal . She brings forth her young son , Trouble , and insists that as soon as Pinkerton knows of him , he will return . If not , she would rather die . A cannon roars from the harbor , and Butterfly discovers Pinkerton ’ s ship coming into port . She and Suzuki strew the house with blossoms . As evening falls , she prepares to keep vigil through the night . Modern-day Pinkerton turns off the game and goes to bed . In the middle of the night , the game turns on , luring him back to play the next level , where he chooses how he will impact Butterfly ’ s destiny . Pinkerton chooses an American wife avatar , Kate . As the level continues , Butterfly still waits , though Suzuki persuades her to rest . Soon , Sharpless , Pinkerton and Kate arrive . Suzuki realizes who the woman is and reluctantly agrees to inform Butterfly . Pinkerton , now aware of Butterfly ’ s devotion , bids an anguished farewell and rushes away . Cio-Cio-San hurries in expecting to find her husband , and instead finds Kate . She instantly guesses the truth and touchingly wishes Kate happiness . She says that Pinkerton may have his son if he will return for him . Butterfly orders Suzuki and Trouble away . She has no choice but to escape this nightmare , and she pulls out the dagger with which her father committed suicide . As she raises the blade to her throat , Trouble appears . Cio-Cio-San drops the knife and embraces him . She then blindfolds him , takes the dagger , and stabs herself . As the fantasy dies , Pinkerton desperately tries to hold onto his creation , Butterfly . Courtesy of Cincinnati Opera DETAILS & RESOURCES We want you to have the best experience possible at our performances ! Here are some details and resources to help . Also visit our Opera FAQs or our Accessibility page . Run time : approx . 3 hrs ( includes one 30-minute intermission ) Understand Every Word : Understand Every Word : Madama Butterfly is sung in Italian , but English supertitles are projected above the stage Parking Downtown : get real-time parking availability Pre-Opera Talks before each performance Braille Programs available at The Benedum Center Large-Print Programs available at The Benedum Center CHILD POLICY : Children must be ages 6 and up . Suggestions and tips for bringing children to the opera may be found at pittsburghopera.org/FAQ . All children must have a ticket . There is a 50 % discount for kids and teens ages 6-18 . BENEDUM SAFETY AND SECURITY STATEMENT The Pittsburgh Cultural Trust has implemented new security and bag policies , effective starting October 1 , 2016 , at the Benedum Center and their other venues . You can read their Safety & Security statement , which includes an updated list of prohibited items , and read their Bag Policy , on their website . 2425 LIBERTY AVE. PITTSBURGH , PA 15222 P. 412-281-0912 Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Instagram Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Contact Us Directions & Parking Auditions Employment Media Releases Privacy Policy Site Map Board Of Directors Login BUY TICKETS GIVE NOW SUBSCRIBE ©2024 PITTSBURGH OPERA