New York Mellon 7,610 Financial services 7 Highmark 5,270 Health insurance 8 U.S. Steel 4,700 Steel manufacturing 9 Carnegie Mellon University 4,600 Higher education 10 Verizon Communications 3,750 Telecommunications Pittsburgh saw fewer effects of the 2008 economic recession than many other American cities . The city 's transition from heavy dependence on the manufacturing industries to an economy based on health services , education , and innovative technologies kept Pittsburgh from the worst of the recession . The housing industry never saw the over-inflation rates other regions were dealing with as housing prices rose two percent in the last quarter of 2008 , while other cities in the nation saw a much higher decline percentage . [ 50 ] In the period between 2006 and 2011 , the Pittsburgh MSA experienced over 10 % appreciation in housing prices—the highest appreciation out of the largest 25 MSAs in the United States . 22 of the top 25 MSAs saw a depreciation of housing values during the same period . [ 51 ] National non-profits [ edit ] Several national or global non-profits call Pittsburgh home including : Learning Disabilities Association of America ( since 1963 ) [ 52 ] Institute for Research , Education and Training in Addictions [ 53 ] National Center for Juvenile Justice ( since 1973 ) [ 54 ] Colcom Foundation ( since 1996 ) Laurel Foundation ( since 1951 ) Heinz Endowments Printing Industries of America ( since 2003 ) Twenty-first-century progression [ edit ] The shifting economy of Pittsburgh has seen changes since the 1990s ; these are primarily in banking , health care and technology . However , In December 2004 , Pittsburgh was forced into an Act 47 because the finances in the city were down . In January 2003 Pittsburgh 's unemployment rate reached 6.8 % , but has seen a major decline in , as in April 2005 the rates were near only 4.8 % . [ 55 ] Since one in every five jobs in Pittsburgh lies within the health care service , Pittsburgh was able to hold steady during the recent economic downturn . [ 56 ] [ 57 ] During this , the city also began to see growth in other occupations such as the business service and construction . The business service sectors in 2008 saw an increase of over 3,000 jobs . During the downturn , Pittsburgh still developed many parts of the city creating over 1,000 construction jobs in the region . [ 58 ] Technology industry [ edit ] Pittsburgh has established itself as a technology hub with such companies as Google , Apple Inc. , Intel , Uber , Facebook and RAND establishing campuses in the city . The Pittsburgh Technology Center , Pittsburgh Supercomputing Center and Pittsburgh LAN Coalition also develop major innovations . [ citation needed ] Companies such as Duolingo , Petrosoft , Modcloth , Guru.com , Songwhale and others have global headquarters in the city . The Crons company designs motivational athletic apparel . [ 59 ] 2009 G-20 Pittsburgh Summit [ edit ] Main article : 2009 G-20 Pittsburgh summit Pittsburgh was chosen to hold the 2009 G-20 summit for multiple reasons . Pittsburgh utilizes its past by building on previous successes in manufacturing , business services , and green energy . `` Pittsburgh manufacturers employ almost 100,000 workers and the region is the second-largest market in the United States for metals industry employment . '' [ 60 ] Pittsburgh is also home to some of the world 's largest business and financial services , which supply the greatest amount to the regional economic output . In the past , innovation in energy has been advanced through commercialization of oil , coal , and natural gas . More focus and attention is being given to the innovation in sustainability and efficiency while protecting the environment as Pittsburgh has more than 30 LEED certified buildings . [ 60 ] Economic development plan [ edit ] The State of Pennsylvania requires every county to develop a land use and growth management plan . Allegheny Places is the plan for Pittsburgh and Allegheny County . It was adopted in November 2008 and is a “ unique blueprint for a sustainable future envisioned by the citizens of the County ” . [ 61 ] The plan has a steering committee with over 100 members , an advisory committee with over 400 members , and a sounding board . The plan advocates a future in which : Equitable access to the opportunities and benefits of economic development to all residents is provided Former brownfields are transformed and developed Transit-oriented development efforts reduce road congestion and connect the major economic areas – Oakland , Downtown , and the Pittsburgh International Airport The promotion of greenways will link the community with parks , trails , riverfronts , etc . Affordable [ clarification needed ] and high-quality [ clarification needed ] housing exists for all A diversified economy provides stable , well-paying jobs [ 62 ] The economic development plan includes enterprise zones , research and technology developments , development of research parks , such as the University of Pittsburgh Applied Research Center , partnerships with economic development organizations , and venture capital initiatives . An Urban Enterprise Zone is a location within the inner city free from import duties , taxes , and some government regulations . [ 63 ] Studies of enterprise zones have shown increased job growth and investment . In the majority of studies , there is an apparent relationship between the creation of enterprise zones and increased economic activity in the zones . The zones also show economic activity not typical of the surrounding metropolitan area . [ 64 ] However , success is often questionable and subject to local conditions . [ 65 ] Allegheny County has 26 enterprise zones , in which 17 are in the City of Pittsburgh . [ 62 ] The research and technology sector is growing due to the local universities , medical centers , the technology cluster , and the provision of financial capital to fund its development . These attributes provide the specific infrastructure required of sought-after industries . [ 62 ] Therefore , this could attract business to the region and sustain or expand existing firms , which should result in a net increase in total jobs . However , this type of development is still fairly new , which means it is difficult to draw any noteworthy conclusions about its potential . Also , the presence of universities provides the context