Fact : A riverhound is n't a type of dog ! It 's a nickname for the people who operate coal barges on the river . Did You Know ? The On-Field Party Box is one of the best luxury boxes in town , offering unmatched on-the-field views with seating for up to 60. Credit | Chris Cowger Coming Soon ... Starting in 2025 , the Riverhounds ownership group will have an all-new USL W League team competing at the pre-professional level . Look for names , logos and much more on this coming soon . Other Pittsburgh Sports Teams In addition to the Steelers , Penguins and Pirates , this world-class sports town boasts teams in everything from women 's football to ultimate frisbee , roller derby , armored combat and eSports ! Other Sports Attractions Heinz History Center-Western Pennsylvania Sports Museum The Western Pennsylvania Sports Museum , a state-of-the-art museum at the Senator John Heinz History Center , features a stunning collection of one-of-a-kind sports artifacts and interactive exhibits that celebrate the rich tradition of sports in our region . When it comes to sports pride and sports history , no other region in the world is like western Pennsylvania . Engine House No.25 This historic firehouse now holds some of the most fascinating memorabilia of Roberto Clemente . Schedule a tour to see the paintings , photographs , letters and more and learn about the personal and professional journey of this beloved Pirates player . Pittsburgh Vintage Grand Prix Ladies and gentleman , start your engines ! Do n't miss this 10-day festival of motorsport events culminating with the Annual Vintage Races and Car Show at Schenley Park on the third weekend of July . Free to spectators . Collegiate Sports Pittsburgh is a world-class sports town and home to many NCAA Division 1 universities , some right in the heart of the city , including the University of Pittsburgh , Duquesne University and Robert Morris University . Each school has a variety of sports teams , including football , basketball , baseball , golf , tennis…the list goes on ! In This Section Pittsburgh Steelers Learn More Pittsburgh Pirates Learn More Pittsburgh Penguins Learn More College Sports Learn More Other Sports Teams Learn More History of the Terrible Towel Learn More Pittsburgh Riverhounds Learn More Related Blog Posts Insider ’ s Guide to the Steelers Hall of Honor Museum Relive 90 years of Steelers history with interactive exhibits for all fans of the black and gold Details A Guide to Acrisure Stadium for Steelers Fans In town for a big game ? We 've got the scoop on how to enjoy a Steelers game in the ultimate… Details What to Eat at PNC Park ​Spending the day watching baseball at PNC Park is a real treat . Details Roberto Clemente , Pittsburgh ’ s Hero ! Pittsburgh 's biggest baseball legend is Roberto Clemente and his impact on baseball and on Pittsburgh still remain . Details A Guide to PPG Paints Arena for Penguins Fans In town for your first Pens game ? We answer all your questions . Details Pittsburgh Steelers Hall of Famers A look at the City of Champions ' recent honors with Hall of Fame enshrinements and retired numbers . Details Ultimate Steelers Gameweek Guide Steelers Nation ! In Pittsburgh for the big game ? We 've got the scoop on how to enjoy the ultimate sports city ! Details Steelers Nation , Here We Go ! Let 's celebrate the Pittsburgh Steelers – here and around the world . Details Eating Your Way Through Pittsburgh Sports ​Experience Pittsburgh ’ s food scene through our local sports scene Details Save Pittsburgh Penguins 1001 Fifth Ave. , PPG Paints Arena Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania 15219 Details Open in Google Maps Map Pittsburgh Penguins Pittsburgh Penguins 1001 Fifth Ave. , PPG Paints Arena Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania 15219 ( 412 ) 642-7367 Details Website Save Pittsburgh Pirates at PNC Park 115 Federal St. , PNC Park at the North Shore Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania 15212 Details Open in Google Maps Map Pittsburgh Pirates at PNC Park Pittsburgh Pirates at PNC Park 115 Federal St. , PNC Park at the North Shore Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania 15212 ( 412 ) 323-5000 Details Website Museums From history , art , science , sports and more , Pittsburgh museums offer much to be explored . Learn More Plan Your Trip with the new Pittsburgh Insider 's Guide Learn More Contact Us Privacy Blog About Us 120 Fifth Avenue Fifth Avenue Place Suite 2800 Pittsburgh , PA 15222 ( 412 ) 281-7711 Toll Free : ( 877 ) 568-3744 ©️2024 Visit Pittsburgh . All Rights Reserved . Privacy Policy This site uses cookies to enhance your experience . Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map