below the 50th percentile in the categories “ police budget cost per person , ” “ fines / forefeitures , ” “ Police Presence/Over-Policing ( Officers per Population ) , ” “ Force Used per Arrest , ” “ Racial Disparities in Deadly Force , ” “ Excessive Force Complaints Upheld , ” “ Discrimination Complaints Upheld , ” “ Criminal Misconduct Complaints Upheld , ” “ Arrest Rate for Low Level Offenses , ” and “ Racial Disparities in Drug Arrests . ” This is 10 out of 15 categories . [ 251 ] Education [ edit ] Colleges and universities [ edit ] See also : List of colleges and universities in Pittsburgh The Cathedral of Learning at the University of Pittsburgh The main campus of Carnegie Mellon University Pittsburgh is home to many colleges , universities and research facilities , the most well-known of which are Carnegie Mellon University , the University of Pittsburgh , and Duquesne University . Also in the city are Carlow University , Chatham University , Point Park University , the Community College of Allegheny County , Pittsburgh Theological Seminary , Reformed Presbyterian Theological Seminary , and the Pittsburgh Institute of Mortuary Science . The campuses of Carlow , Carnegie Mellon , and the University of Pittsburgh are near each other in the Oakland neighborhood that is the city 's traditional cultural center . Carnegie Mellon University ( CMU ) is a private research university founded by Andrew Carnegie and Andrew Mellon . [ 252 ] CMU contains the Mellon College of Science , School of Computer Science , College of Engineering , School of Business , Heinz College , College of Fine Arts , writing , Social and Decision Sciences , information systems , statistics , and psychology programs . The University of Pittsburgh , established in 1787 and popularly referred to as `` Pitt `` , is a state-related school with one of the nation 's largest research programs . [ 14 ] Pitt is known for the University of Pittsburgh Graduate School of Public and International Affairs , University of Pittsburgh School of Information Sciences , Swanson School of Engineering , University of Pittsburgh College of Business Administration , University of Pittsburgh School of Law , University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine , University of Pittsburgh School of Social Work , and other biomedical and health-related sciences . [ 252 ] [ 253 ] [ 254 ] [ 255 ] [ 256 ] Carlow University is a small private Catholic university that while coeducational , has traditionally educated women . Chatham University , a liberal arts college that was founded as a woman 's college but became fully coeducational in 2015 , [ 257 ] is in the Shadyside neighborhood , but also maintains a 388-acre ( 157 ha ) Eden Hall Farm campus in the North Hills . Duquesne University , a private Catholic university in the Bluff neighborhood and is noted for its song and dance troupe , the Duquesne University Tamburitzans , as well as programs in law , business , and pharmacy . Point Park University was founded in 1961 and is well known for its Conservatory of Performing Arts and its Pittsburgh Playhouse . Primary education [ edit ] Further information : Pittsburgh Public Schools Taylor Allderdice High School in Pittsburgh in November 2006 Pittsburgh Public Schools teachers are paid well relative to their peers , ranking 17th in 2000 among the 100 largest cities by population for the highest minimum salary . In 2018 , the starting teacher salary offered to teachers with a BA was $ 46,920 . The maximum annual salary for a teacher with a master 's degree was $ 95,254 . [ 258 ] Local public schools include many charter and magnet schools , including City Charter High School ( computer and technology focused ) , Pittsburgh Montessori School ( formerly Homewood Montessori ) , Pittsburgh Gifted Center , Barack Obama Academy of International Studies 6-12 , Pittsburgh Creative and Performing Arts 6–12 , Pittsburgh Science and Technology Academy , the Western Pennsylvania School for Blind Children , and the Western Pennsylvania School for the Deaf . Private schools in Pittsburgh include Bishop Canevin High School , Central Catholic High School , Oakland Catholic High School , Winchester Thurston School , St. Edmund 's Academy , Hillel Academy of Pittsburgh , Yeshiva Schools and The Ellis School . Shady Side Academy maintains a PK–5 primary school campus in the Point Breeze neighborhood , in addition to its 6–12 middle and upper school campuses in nearby suburban Fox Chapel . Other private institutions outside of Pittsburgh 's limits include North Catholic High School and Seton-La Salle Catholic High School . The city also has an extensive library system , both public and university . Most notable are the Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh and the University of Pittsburgh 's University Library System , which rank as the ninth-largest public and 18th-largest academic libraries in the nation , respectively . [ 259 ] [ 260 ] Media [ edit ] Main articles : Media in Pittsburgh , List of films shot in Pittsburgh , and List of television shows shot in Pittsburgh Newspapers [ edit ] KDKA-AM 's studios at Gateway Center There are two major daily newspapers in Pittsburgh : the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette and the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review online only ( no longer in print for Pittsburgh Area ) . Weekly papers in the region include the Pittsburgh Business Times , Pittsburgh City Paper , Pittsburgh Catholic , Pittsburgh Jewish Chronicle , The New People , and the New Pittsburgh Courier . Independent student-written university-based newspapers include The Pitt News of the University of Pittsburgh , The Tartan of Carnegie Mellon University , The Duquesne Duke of Duquesne University , and The Globe of Point Park University . The University of Pittsburgh School of Law is also home to JURIST , the world 's only university-based legal news service . [ 261 ] Television [ edit ] The Pittsburgh metro area is served by multiple local television and radio stations .