lifestyle in the region perhaps as early as 19,000 years ago . Meadowcroft Rockshelter , an archaeological site west of Pittsburgh , provides evidence that these first Americans lived in the region from that date . [ 2 ] During the Adena culture that followed , Mound Builders erected a large Indian Mound at the future site of McKees Rocks , about three miles ( 5 km ) from the head of the Ohio . The Indian Mound , a burial site , was augmented in later years by members of the Hopewell culture . [ 3 ] By 1700 the Haudenosaunee , the Five Nations-based south of the Great Lakes in present-day New York , held dominion over the upper Ohio valley , reserving it for hunting grounds . Other tribes included the Lenape , who had been displaced from eastern Pennsylvania by European settlement , and the Shawnee , who had migrated up from the south . [ 4 ] With the arrival of European explorers , these tribes and others had been devastated by infectious diseases from Europe , such as smallpox , measles , influenza , and malaria , to which they had no immunity . [ 5 ] A map of Western Pennsylvania made in 1680 from the Darlington Collection In 1748 , when Conrad Weiser visited Logstown , 18 miles ( 29 km ) downriver from Pittsburgh , he counted 789 warriors gathered : the Iroquois included 163 Seneca , 74 Mohawk , 35 Onondaga , 20 Cayuga , and 15 Oneida . Other tribes were 165 Lenape , 162 Shawnee , 100 Wyandot , 40 Tisagechroami , and 15 Mohican . [ 6 ] Shannopin 's Town , a Lenape ( Delaware ) village on the east bank of the Allegheny , was established in the 1720s and was deserted after 1758 . The village is believed to have been roughly from where Penn Avenue is today , below the mouth of Two Mile Run , from 30th Street to 39th Street . According to George Croghan , the town was situated on the south bank of the Allegheny , nearly opposite what is now known as Herr 's Island , in what is now the Lawrenceville neighborhood in the city of Pittsburgh . [ 7 ] : 289 Sawcunk , on the mouth of the Beaver River , was a Lenape settlement and the principal residence of Shingas , a chief of theirs . [ 8 ] Chartier 's Town was a Shawnee town established in 1734 by Peter Chartier . Kittanning was a Lenape and Shawnee village on the Allegheny , with an estimated 300–400 residents . [ 9 ] Early colonization ( 1747–1763 ) [ edit ] British and French Forts , 1753–1758 , and the routes of the two British campaigns to take the forks of the Ohio The first Europeans arrived in the 1710s as traders . Michael Bezallion was the first to describe the forks of the Ohio in a manuscript in 1717 , and later that year European traders established posts and settlements in the area . [ 10 ] Europeans first began to settle in the region in 1748 , when the first Ohio Company , a Virginian land speculation company , won a grant of 200,000 acres ( 800 km 2 ) in the upper Ohio Valley . From a post at present-day Cumberland , Maryland , the company began to construct an 80-mile ( 130 km ) wagon road to the Monongahela River [ 11 ] employing a Lenape Indian chief named Nemacolin and a party of settlers headed by Capt . Michael Cresap to begin widening the track into a road . It mostly followed the same route as an existing Native American trail [ 12 ] now known as Nemacolin 's Trail . The river crossing and flats at Redstone creek , was the earliest point and shortest distance for the descent of a wagon road . Later in the war , the site fortified as Fort Burd ( now Brownsville ) was one of several possible destinations . Another alternative was the divergent route that became Braddock 's Road a few years later through present-day New Stanton . In the event , the colonists did not succeed in turning the path into a wagon road much beyond the Cumberland Narrows pass before they came into conflict with Native Americans . The colonists later mounted a series of expeditions in order to accomplish piecemeal improvements to the track . The nearby Native American community of Logstown was an important trade and council center in the Ohio Valley . [ 6 ] Between June 15 and November 10 , 1749 , an expedition headed by Celeron de Bienville , a French officer , traveled down the Allegheny and Ohio to bolster the French claim to the region . [ 12 ] De Bienville warned away British traders and posted markers claiming the territory . [ 13 ] In 1753 , Marquis Duquesne , the Governor of New France , sent another , larger expedition . At present-day Erie , Pennsylvania , an advance party built Fort Presque Isle . They also cut a road through the woods and built Fort Le Boeuf on French Creek , from which it was possible at high water to float to the Allegheny . By summer , an expedition of 1,500 French and Native American men descended the Allegheny . Some wintered at the confluence of French Creek and the Allegheny . The following year , they built Fort Machault at that site . [ 14 ] Alarmed at these French incursions in the Ohio Valley , Governor Dinwiddie of Virginia sent Major George Washington to warn the French to withdraw . [ 15 ] Accompanied by Christopher Gist , Washington arrived at the Forks of the Ohio on November 25 , 1753 .