it allows bikes on its subway/busway system at all times . Healthy Ride station Bike Pittsburgh ( BikePGH ) is the local bicycle advocacy group and is working to make Pittsburgh increasingly safe , accessible , and friendly to bicycle transportation . The non-profit bike collective , Free Ride , recycles bicycles and bike parts , teaches bicycle construction , and has programs to sell or earn a rebuilt bicycle . Additionally , bicycles can be borrowed at two places along the Heritage Trail through the Friends of the Riverfront/Dasani Blue Bikes program . In 2014 , the City began installing segregated bike lanes , which provide greater physical safety to the biker . [ 12 ] On September 6 , bike lanes that stretch from Downtown Pittsburgh to the 16th Street Bridge on Penn Avenue were installed . In order to accommodate these bike lanes , the Westbound lane of Penn Avenue was removed , making it one way . Other segregated bike lanes were installed on Schenley Drive in Oakland , and Saline Street in Greenfield . [ 13 ] The `` Healthy Ride `` bicycle-sharing system entered service in Spring , 2016 , supplied by Nextbike . Price is $ 2 per half-hour , or $ 12 or $ 20 per month . [ 14 ] Inclines and staircases [ edit ] Main articles : List of inclines in Pittsburgh and Steps of Pittsburgh Two inclines ascend Mount Washington : Duquesne Incline and Monongahela Incline . Pittsburgh had considerably more inclines and the Monongahela Incline was paralleled by a freight incline . [ citation needed ] Pittsburgh has more public staircases ( 737 ) than any other city in the United States , followed by Cincinnati and San Francisco . [ 15 ] Many of these staircases have street names , and lead to hillside neighborhoods that can be difficult to access by car in winter . Public staircase in Pittsburgh , ca . 1940 The Duquesne Incline . Freight Railroads [ edit ] During the heyday of the steel industry , Pittsburgh was among the largest rail centers not only in the nation , but the world . For many years , the multiple rail crossings in the suburb of Port Perry at the mouth of Turtle Creek on the Monongahela River and adjacent to the Edgar Thomson Works and Duquesne mills , was the highest concentration of freight traffic in the world . Even today , with river traffic included , Port Perry is often very near or at the top of the list . The Conway Yard to the west of the city along the Ohio River was the largest rail yard in the world from 1956 until 1980 . From the beginning of the industrial era in America through its collapse in the 1980s , Pittsburgh was a key market for the nation 's largest and most important railroads ( most notably the Pennsylvania Railroad [ the largest company in the world for much of the 20th century ] , and the New York Central Railroad [ via the Pittsburgh & Lake Erie ] , Baltimore and Ohio Railroad and Pittsburgh & West Virginia ) . Despite the near-complete collapse of heavy industry in the Northeast , Pittsburgh remains an extremely important link in the nation 's rail network . Current railroads in Pittsburgh include : Class I railroads [ edit ] Norfolk Southern ( NS ) [ edit ] Norfolk Southern operates the former assets of Conrail , composed of the Pennsylvania Railroad , instrumental in the formation of modern Pittsburgh . NS operates three lines through Pittsburgh : the original line , the Pittsburgh Line , from U.S. Steel 's Edgar Thomson Steel Mill in Braddock , PA , over the Allegheny River near Downtown Pittsburgh , into Island Ave Yard where it becomes the Fort Wayne Line ; the Mon Line , along the south bank of the Monongahela River from West Brownsville , PA , to Island Ave Yard , formerly the Pittsburgh , Virginia and Charleston Railroad . This line is used by coal trains from southern Pennsylvania and trains with over-height cars that can not fit under the roof of Penn Station on the Pittsburgh Line , accessing it via a branch just east of Braddock to the Port Perry bridge . The Mon Line joins the Fort Wayne Line at Island Ave Yard after crossing the Ohio River on the Ohio Connecting ( OC ) Railroad bridge ; the Conemaugh Line , along the north shore of the Allegheny River , serving several coal branch lines and power plants . Operations are centered on a small yard in Etna , PA. On the Mon and Pittsburgh lines over 60 trains a day pass through the city . CSX [ edit ] CSX operates the former Baltimore and Ohio Railroad ( B & O ) and the Pittsburgh and Lake Erie Railroad ( P & LE ) . Many of the old B & O lines have been removed or are unused . Formerly an important part of the B & O system , Glenwood Yard is leased and operated by the Allegheny Valley Railroad for local jobs . The yard used to give access to the B & O 's Grant Street Station in Downtown Pittsburgh . The building has been rebuilt into a PNC Bank building and the old right-of-way is now a bike path . The B & O main line , which cuts north and under across Pittsburgh by the Schenley Tunnel , is now used by the AVR . The 33rd Street Railroad Bridge over the Allegheny River is still used : AVR trains connect with Norfolk Southern 's Pittsburgh Line about a mile east of Penn Station . CSX freight trains use the former P & LE through McKeesport , PA , and Braddock , PA , before crossing the Mononghela River into Homestead , PA .