Pittsburgh Cultural Trust - Wikipedia Jump to content Main menu Main menu move to sidebar hide Navigation Main page Contents Current events Random article About Wikipedia Contact us Contribute Help Learn to edit Community portal Recent changes Upload file Search Search Donate Appearance Create account Log in Personal tools Create account Log in Pages for logged out editors learn more Contributions Talk Contents move to sidebar hide ( Top ) 1 History 2 Programming Toggle Programming subsection 2.1 Visual arts 2.2 Public art 3 Notes 4 References 5 External links Toggle the table of contents Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Add languages Add links Article Talk English Read Edit View history Tools Tools move to sidebar hide Actions Read Edit View history General What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Cite this page Get shortened URL Download QR code Wikidata item Print/export Download as PDF Printable version In other projects Appearance move to sidebar hide From Wikipedia , the free encyclopedia Pittsburgh Cultural Trust The Pittsburgh Cultural Trust commissioned the Allegheny Riverfront Park in Downtown Pittsburgh in the early 1990s Abbreviation PCT Formation 1984 Founder H. J. Heinz II Headquarters Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania President and CEO Kendra Whitlock Ingram Revenue ( 2022 ) $ 64.2 million Expenses ( 2022 [ 1 ] ) $ 64.6 million Website trustarts .org The Pittsburgh Cultural Trust ( PCT ) is an American , nonprofit , arts organization that was formed in 1984 to promote economic and cultural development in Downtown Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania . [ 2 ] The `` Trust `` has focused its work on a fourteen-square block section known as the Cultural District , [ 3 ] which encompasses numerous entertainment and cultural venues , restaurants , and residential buildings . This organization reportedly oversees more than one million square feet of real estate , including commercial and residential buildings , making it one of the largest landowners downtown . [ 4 ] [ 5 ] In recent years , it has had a contentious relationship with the city of Pittsburgh concerning the tax status for many of its properties , resulting in a case being heard by the state Supreme Court in 2011 . [ 6 ] As of February 2023 , the PCT 's president and CEO is Kendra Whitlock Ingram . According to its 2022 `` Report to the Community `` , PCT 's net assets were valued at $ 219 million . [ 1 ] History [ edit ] The Pittsburgh Cultural Trust was founded in 1984 by H. J. Heinz II with the principal aim of restoring downtown Pittsburgh as a vibrant cultural destination . [ 7 ] Heinz and others , including William Rea and his son , U.S . Senator John Heinz , began with Pittsburgh 's first renovated former movie palace , Heinz Hall , ( which was built as the former Loew 's Penn Theater ) . The Benedum Center ( formerly The Stanley Theatre ) The PCT 's first major project was the restoration of the former Stanley Theater . The Stanley Theater was originally designed by the firm of Hoffman & Henon and opened on February 27 , 1928 . Under the PCT 's management , this theater underwent a $ 43 million restoration [ 8 ] and reopened in 1987 as the 2,800-seat Benedum Center for the Performing Arts . That year , the PCT and its partners presented an annual Broadway series in the Cultural District . The Byham Theater was another theater venue restoration project . Built in 1903 as the Gayety Theater , it included a stage and Vaudeville house , and featured stars such as Ethel Barrymore , Gertrude Lawrence , and Helen Hayes . [ 9 ] It was renamed The Fulton during the 1930s when it became a full-time movie theater . In 1990 , the PCT bought and refurbished the theater . The Byham family of Pittsburgh made a major naming gift for a 1995 renovation ; it has been known as the Byham Theater since that time . In 1992 , PCT opened Wood Street Galleries , its first visual arts project . PCT purchased and refurbished a former XXX movie theater in 1995 , and re-opened the 194-seat theater as the Harris Theater , which screens independent , foreign , and classic films . In 1999 , the PCT 's 650-seat O'Reilly Theater opened as the permanent home of the Pittsburgh Public Theater . That same year , the 23,000-square-foot ( 2,100 m 2 ) Agnes R. Katz Plaza was unveiled . The theater features a 25-foot ( 7.6 m ) bronze fountain designed by sculptor Louise Bourgeois and the work of landscape architect Dan Kiley . Artists Robert Wilson and Richard Gluckman were also selected by the PCT to create a series of public art projects in the Cultural District . In 2000 , PCT established Shared Services , a consortium including the Pittsburgh Ballet Theatre , Pittsburgh Civic Light Opera , Pittsburgh Public Theater , Pittsburgh Opera , Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra , and August Wilson Center for African American Culture . Jack Heinz chose PCT 's first President and CEO , Carol Brown . She managed the organization from 1986 until 2000 . In 2001 , J. Kevin McMahon was named President and CEO . The Byham Theatre ( formerly the Gayety Theatre ) In 2002 , the Pittsburgh Dance Council became a programming division of PCT . PCT opened Theater Square in 2003 , a 330,000-square-foot ( 31,000 m 2 ) complex including the 265-seat Cabaret at Theater Square , a parking garage , centralized box office , restaurant , and bar , and the Carolyn M. Byham WQED 89.3 FM remote broadcast studio . That same year , First Night Pittsburgh became a program of the PCT . PCT presented the Quebec Festival and the inaugural Pittsburgh Festival of Firsts in 2004 .