river boatman Robert Pitcairn – Pennsylvania Railroad Samuel Rea – Pennsylvania Railroad Finance [ edit ] John F. Donahue – chairman , Federated Investors Stanley Druckenmiller – hedge fund manager Thomas Marshall Howe – 19th-century politician James Lindenberg – founder of ABS-CBN Corporation Richard B. Mellon – banker , philanthropist Thomas Mellon – founded Mellon Financial David Tepper – businessman , hedge fund manager , philanthropist , and owner of the Carolina Panthers William Thaw – 19th-century banker Technology and communications [ edit ] Luis von Ahn – CAPTCHA inventor , Duolingo founder William Bullock – printing press innovator Charlie Cheever – co-founder of Quora Brendan Eich – Mozilla , creator of JavaScript Caterina Fake – co-founder of Flickr and Hunch John P. Harris – theater owner Regis McKenna – high technology marketing guru Willard Rockwell – pioneer of Rockwell Intl . Richard Mellon Scaife – Tribune-Review Rich Skrenta – computer programmer George Westinghouse – electrical industry pioneer Mark Whitaker – CNN Worldwide chief [ 10 ] Jamie Zawinski – hacker Consumer goods [ edit ] Peter Chartier ( Chartiers Town and Tarentum ) – fur trader 1734–1743 David L. Clark H. J. Heinz II – CEO of H.J . Heinz Co. Henry J. Heinz – founder of H. J. Heinz Company Edgar J. Kaufmann – Kaufmann 's Billy Mays – TV pitchman James Sinegal – Costco Patricia A. Woertz – ADM [ 11 ] Other industries [ edit ] William D. Boyce – founder of Boy Scouts of America Dr. Herbert Boyer – co-founder of Genentech John Baptiste Ford – PPG Industries Ed Grier – Disneyland Joseph A. Hardy III – 84 Lumber Bob Stupak – Vegas Stratosphere Labor [ edit ] David J. McDonald – president of steelworkers union Theodore Schaffer – president of the Amalgamated Association of Iron , Steel , and Tin Workers Fannie Sellins – union organizer John Sheridan Weller – attorney and politician Joseph Yablonski – UMW Religion [ edit ] Catherine Anne Cesnik ( 1942–1969 ) – Catholic nun who was murdered Cardinal Daniel DiNardo – archbishop of Galveston-Houston Thomas Dolinay – archbishop Joseph R. Lamonde Cardinal Adam Maida – Emeritus Archbishop of Detroit Janice McLaughlin – Catholic nun and human rights activist Madalyn Murray O'Hair – founder of American Atheists William Passavant George Rapp – founder of the religious sect Harmonists Charles Owen Rice Charles Taze Russell – founder of Watch Tower Bible & Tract Society R. C. Sproul – theologian Thomas J. Tobin – auxiliary bishop of Pittsburgh , bishop of Youngstown OH , and current bishop of Providence , Rhode Island Cardinal Donald Wuerl – eleventh bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Pittsburgh , current Archbishop of Washington David Zubik – twelfth and current bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Pittsburgh Science and engineering [ edit ] Ross Allen – herpetologist Frederick S. Billig – scramjet pioneer Daniel Chamovitz – biologist , author of What a Plant Knows , and President of Ben Gurion University of the Negev [ 12 ] Yuan Chang – virologist , co-discoverer of causes of several viral cancers , including Kaposi 's sarcoma Norman Christ – physicist Childs Frick George Otto Gey – scientist who propagated the HeLa cell line William Jacob Holland – entomologist and chancellor of the Western University of Pennsylvania Irene Jakab ( 1919–2011 ) – native of Hungary , psychiatrist and humanist ; member of the faculties of Harvard University , the University of Pittsburgh and the McLean Hospital Ayana Jordan – addiction psychiatrist Randy Pausch – founder of Alice , and man behind the Last Lecture David M. Pozar – electrical engineer and academician [ 13 ] Jonas Salk – physician , inventor of first polio vaccine Alex Shigo – arboriculturist and horticulturist Clifford Shull – Nobel Prize winner Herbert A. Simon – Carnegie Mellon University professor ; winner of Nobel Prize for Economics Thomas Starzl – pioneering transplant surgeon in liver and multiorgan transplantation Jesse Steinfeld – United States Surgeon General under Nixon Otto Stern – German-American physicist and Nobel laureate , known for his studies of molecular beams ; Carnegie Institute of Technology professor Nicholas E. Wagman Sandra Welner ( 1958–2001 ) – physician , advocate for disabled women 's healthcare Jerome Wolken ( 1917–1999 ) – biophysicist [ 14 ] Jamie Zawinski Jonathan Zittrain – professor of Internet law and computer science at Harvard Vladimir Zworykin – engineer and inventor , developed an early form of television ; the IEEE presents a Vladimir Zworykin Award for outstanding contributions to development of television technology Military [ edit ] 18th-century leaders [ edit ] Ebenezer Denny – 10th Adjutant General of the U.S. Army 19th-century leaders [ edit ] John M. Corse Benjamin Grierson – Civil War and Buffalo Soldier Alexander Hays – Brigadier General * , repulsed Pickett 's Charge at Gettysburg Francis J. Herron Alexander Murray – Admiral James Scott Negley – Major General Civil War hero of Murfreesboro Thomas A. Rowley ( 1808–1892 ) – Brigadier-general ; Gettysburg ; Civil War Jacob B. Sweitzer – General * Civil War , led major offensives at Gettysburg Samuel Baldwin Marks Young 20th-century leaders [ edit ] Joseph R. Lamonde Manus MacCloskey – Brigadier General Samuel Baldwin Marks Young – first Chief of Staff of the Army 21st-century leaders [ edit ] Michael Hayden – USAF * * * * , Director of NSA , CIA Harry E. Miller Jr. – major general who commanded the 42nd Infantry Division [ 15 ] Medal recipients : Civil War [ edit ] Charles Higby Alexander Kelly Alfred L. Pearson – Medal of Honor James Schoonmaker Medal recipients : United States occupation of Veracruz [ edit ] Charles Bishop Robert Semple Medal recipients : World War I [ edit ] Joseph H. Thompson — Medal of Honor Medal recipients : World War II [ edit ] Arthur V. Ely Charles E. Kelly Archibald Mathies Medal recipients : Vietnam [ edit ] William D. Morgan William R. Prom Astronauts [ edit ] Jay Apt – astronaut and professor Mike Fincke – Colonel , United States Air Force Terry Hart – Lieutenant Colonel , United States