Food Festivals provides a complete listing of the many Greek festival dates and locations . Mac & Cheese Festival May 18 , 2024 | Stacks at 3 Crossings Top chefs , food trucks and vendors will serve up 30+ kinds of Mac & Cheese for you to sample as we crown the best mac and cheese in Pittsburgh . View this post on Instagram A post shared by Mac And Cheese Fests In The US ( @ macandcheesefests ) Picklesburgh July 18-21 , 2024 For three days in July , Downtown Pittsburgh will transform into Picklesburgh , highlighted by a giant flying pickle balloon . Picklesburgh is an annual festival that celebrates pickling in all its glorious incarnations and goes beyond the dill pickle to include international dishes and handcrafted foods from local chefs ; “ how-to ” demos ; a selection of artisan cocktails ; pickle themed merchandise , live music , and even a competitive pickle juice drinking contest . Little Italy Days Aug. 15-18 , 2024 | Bloomfield It 's all-Italian-all the time at Bloomfield Little Italy Days which takes place at the end of August and features music , food , games and more food ! Tacos are more than for Tuesday ! View this post on Instagram A post shared by Little Italy Days ( @ littleitalydays ) Vegetarian and Vegan Food Festivals Aug. 10 , 2024 | Allegheny Commons Park Sept. 29 , 2024 | Velum Fermentation Vegetarians and Vegans are not left out in Pittsburgh ! Every summer Pittsburgh gathers for the Pittsburgh Vegan Expo & Festival as well as Pittsburgh VegFest in late summer/early fall , both highlighting local vegetable-based restaurants and shops , meat-eaters might just be surprised how satisfied you will be eating a vegetable-based meal ! View this post on Instagram A post shared by Pittsburgh VegFest ( @ pittsburghvegfest ) Pittsburgh Irish Festival Sept. 6-8 , 2024 | Carrie Furnaces The Pittsburgh Irish Festival happens each September and features authentic Irish food , music and crafts . The Original Pittsburgh Taco Festival Sept. 14 , 2024 Make time for the Pittsburgh Taco Festival , an annual food festival that celebrates tacos and the city 's Latin-American community . Lawrenceville Cookie Tour TBD 2024 The Lawrenceville neighborhood hosts the annual Joy of Cookies Cookie Tour each December . This free , family-friendly event takes place at more than 30 participating businesses where Cookie Tourists can sample the shopkeeper 's favorite cookie . View this post on Instagram A post shared by Brooklyn Bagel at Arsenal ( @ brooklynbagelatarsenal ) Apple Festivals Fall 2024 Fall means apple season in Pittsburgh and the surrounding region . Don't-miss apple festivals include the Hickory Apple Festival and Delmont Apple n Arts Festival which bring a healthy dose of family fun and hundreds of gallons of fresh cider to attendees . View this post on Instagram A post shared by Fishy Things ( @ fishythings412 ) Maple Festivals March-April 2024 Spring is maple season and the Maple Syrup Festival in Beaver County and Maple Taste & Tour Weekend and PA Maple Festival in Somerset County are your ticket to tree tapping and the freshest maple syrup from the state 's top producers . Authentic Experiences Top Beer Festivals in Pittsburgh Learn More Only in Pittsburgh Summer Festivals & Events Learn More Pittsburgh Fall Festivals 2024 Guide | Fairs , Events & More Learn More Pittsburgh Music Festivals To Jam To Learn More Restaurants & Culinary Learn More Japanese Restaurants in Pittsburgh Learn More Dig in to Pittsburgh Restaurant Week Summer 2024 Learn More The Ultimate Guide to Italian Restaurants in Pittsburgh Learn More Insider ’ s Guide : Pittsburgh Vegan Restaurants & Vegetable Forward Menus Learn More Plan Your Trip with the new Pittsburgh Insider 's Guide Learn More Contact Us Privacy Blog About Us 120 Fifth Avenue Fifth Avenue Place Suite 2800 Pittsburgh , PA 15222 ( 412 ) 281-7711 Toll Free : ( 877 ) 568-3744 ©️2024 Visit Pittsburgh . All Rights Reserved . Privacy Policy This site uses cookies to enhance your experience . Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map