in the early 1970s as a replacement for steel in racing tires . Kevlar has many applications , ranging from bicycle tires and racing sails to bulletproof vests , all due to its high tensile strength-to-weight ratio ; by this measure , it is five times stronger than steel . Spectroscopy – John L. Hall won the 2005 Nobel Prize in Physics with Theodor W. Hänsch and Roy J. Glauber for his pioneering work on laser-based precision spectroscopy and the optical frequency comb technique . Neutron scattering – Clifford G. Shull was awarded the 1994 Nobel Prize in Physics with Canadian Bertram Brockhouse for their pioneering work in neutron scattering , a technique that reveals where atoms are within a material like ricocheting bullets reveal where obstacles are in the dark . Computer and applied sciences [ edit ] Alice ( software ) – freeware ( for non-commercial purposes ) object-based educational programming language with an integrated development environment ( IDE ) . [ 142 ] Andrew Project – distributed computing environment developed at Carnegie Mellon beginning in 1982 . It was an ambitious project for its time and resulted in an unprecedentedly vast and accessible university computing infrastructure . The goal was to have connected 3M computer workstations . [ 143 ] Artificial intelligence – Several of the first AI software programs were created at Carnegie Mellon . These include the Logic Theorist , General Problem Solver , and Soar . Autonomous vehicle – Navlab , the first autonomous car program was developed by Carnegie Mellon . Since then , H1ghlander and Sandstorm autonomous vehicles were developed at Carnegie Mellon and placed 3rd and 2nd in the DARPA Grand Challenge and Carnegie Mellon 's Boss won the DARPA Grand Challenge ( 2007 ) . [ 144 ] The university continues to be a leader in autonomous research and development . Dynamic random-access memory – In 1966 , Robert H. Dennard invented the one-transistor memory cell consisting of a transistor and a capacitor for which a patent was issued in 1968 . It became the basis for today 's dynamic random-access memory ( DRAM ) . MEMS – Harvey C. Nathanson invented the first MEMS ( micro-electro-mechanical systems ) device of the type now found in products ranging from iPhones to automobiles . Typical MEMS devices include the accelerometers found in smartphones and video game controllers , and the gyroscopes used in automobiles and wearables . Xerox PARC – Founded in 1969 by George Pake and Jack Goldman , Xerox PARC has been at the heart of numerous revolutionary computer developments as laser printing , Ethernet , the modern personal computer , graphical user interface ( GUI ) and desktop paradigm , object-oriented programming , ubiquitous computing , electronic paper , amorphous silicon ( a-Si ) applications , the computer mouse , and advancing very-large-scale integration ( VLSI ) for semiconductors . BLISS – system programming language developed at Carnegie Mellon by W. A. Wulf , D. B. Russell , and A. N. Habermann around 1970 . It was perhaps the best known systems programming language until C made its debut in 1972 . [ 145 ] Emoticon – The first true emoticon was developed at Carnegie Mellon by Scott Fahlman in 1982 . Hashtag – In a 2007 tweet , Chris Messina proposed vertical/associational grouping of messages , trends , and events on Twitter by the means of hashtags . Java – class-based object oriented programming language that was originally developed by James Gosling at Sun Microsystems ( which has since been acquired by Oracle ) and released in 1995 as a core component of Sun Microsystems ' Java platform . Mach ( kernel ) – Richard Rashid and Avie Tevanian developed Mach at Carnegie Mellon from 1985 to 1994 , ending with Mach 3.0 , which is a true microkernel . Mach was developed as a replacement for the kernel in the BSD version of Unix , so no new operating system would have to be designed around it . Experimental research on Mach appears to have ended , although Mach and its derivatives exist within a number of commercial operating systems . These include NeXTSTEP and OPENSTEP , upon which macOS and iOS are based . [ 146 ] Wi-Fi network – Alex Hills created the first wi-fi network using a local area network ( LAN ) on the Carnegie Mellon campus in 1993 . [ 147 ] [ 148 ] Companies and entrepreneurship [ edit ] The Swartz Center for Entrepreneurship acts as Carnegie Mellon 's startup accelerator . Jim Swartz , co-founder of Accel Partners , pledged $ 31 Million to establish a hub for university wide entrepreneurial activities . His gift is the fifth largest Carnegie Mellon has received . In 2016 , the center opened providing a business incubator and makerspace . [ 149 ] The center employs Entrepreneurs-in-Residence who mentor founders of early stage companies consisting of students , faculty , and alumni . [ 150 ] Startups work on their ideas throughout the year culminating at an annual Demo Day where they showcase their company to the public . [ 151 ] Carnegie Mellon 's alumni , faculty , and staff have founded many notable companies , some of which are shown below . [ 152 ] [ 153 ] Activision Blizzard , 1979 ( as Activision ) , founding CEO Jim Levy ( B.S . , M.S . ) . Adobe Systems , 1982 , co-founder Charles Geschke ( Ph.D. ) . Sun Microsystems , 1982 , co-founders Vinod Khosla ( M.S . ) and Andy Bechtolsheim ( M.S . ) . Accel Partners , 1983 , co-founder Jim Swartz ( M.S . ) . NeXT , 1985 , co-founding VP Engineering Avie Tevanian ( M.S . , Ph.D. ) . Transarc , 1989 , co-founders Alfred Spector ( Professor ) , Jeffrey Eppinger ( B.S . , M.S . , Ph.D. ) , Mike Kazar ( Ph.D. ) , Dean Thompson ( B.S . ) . FORE Systems , 1990 , co-founders Francois Bitz ( B.S . , M.S .