and financial services . What were once heavily polluted streets and riverfronts , have been transformed to create the modern vibrant Pittsburgh one sees today . Population Statistics The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania is the sixth largest populated state in the United States . Pittsburgh is the second largest city in Pennsylvania and has an estimated of 310,000 people . The population consists of 51.9 % females and 48.9 % males , with the average age being 33 . Pittsburgh , serves as the County Seat of Allegheny County which has an estimated population of 1.2 million . Pittsburgh serves as the principal city of the Pittsburgh Metropolitan Area , or Greater Pittsburgh . This 8 county area has an estimated population of 2.6 million . Community The City of Pittsburgh offers everything a person might be looking for in a home , with its wonderful shopping areas , great restaurants , and beautiful views . Pittsburgh is known for having more named neighborhoods than any American city . Ninety distinct communities collectively create the culture of Pittsburgh . The Strip District is a wonderful market spot known for its variety of food and an excellent shopping with unique stores . The neighborhoods known as Shadyside , Beechview , or the West End are other fantastic region of Pittsburgh to find trendy shops and restaurants . If you ’ re looking for authentic homemade Italian food , Bloomfield or “ Pittsburgh ’ s Little Italy ” is the place for you . If you ’ re looking for more of a creative and artistic side of Pittsburgh , pass through the neighborhood of Lawrenceville . East Liberty is known as for business and industries . Looking for a fun night out on the town ? South Side has a fun and exciting nightlife full of clubs , sports bars , and laid-back pubs . Wanting to catch a game or spend some quality time with your loved ones ? The North Shore or North Side is the place to be . Mount Washington is the high point of Pittsburgh ; it gives the residents of Pittsburgh and tourists a beautiful view of this magnificent city . Finally , Downtown , like most downtown districts , has great food , dining , parks , plazas , and art museums . Education Pittsburgh Public Schools strives to accelerate student achievement , eliminate racial inequalities , foster innovations and create positive atmosphere . There are a total of 23 elementary schools , 7 middle schools , 4 high schools , 11 schools serving grades K-8 , 5 schools serving grades 6-12 , and 4 specialty schools . The district is governed by the elected Board of Public Education of Pittsburgh . The City of Pittsburgh Controller and Treasurer serve dual roles in the School District of Pittsburgh . For higher education there are countless and qualified options . The University of Pittsburgh , Duquesne University , Carlow University , Point Park University , and Carnegie Mellon University are just a few universities located in the City of Pittsburgh . There are even more just outside the city such as Robert Morris University , Washington & Jefferson , and La Roche College . CITY INFORMATION City Directory Open Gov Portal Policies Press Releases Website Release Notes Accessibility POPULAR SERVICES 311 Contract Bids Dog Licenses Online Shelter Permit Tax Info OneStopPGH CITY HALL Boards , Authorities , Commissions City Clerk 's Office City Council Controller 's Office Mayor 's Office Public Safety CONNECT WITH US Facebook Twitter YouTube Social Media Hub City of Pittsburgh City-County Building , 414 Grant St , Pittsburgh , PA 15219 City-County Building Lighting - What Do Tonight 's Colors Represent ? Tonight , the City-County Building is illuminated in a standard colorful roatation with no affilation . For questions about the lighting at the City-County Building , please reach out to the Office of the Mayor . × A New City Website Is Coming Soon ! We are proud to announce the Oct 22 , 2024 launch of the new City of Pittsburgh website ! The new website is a dramatic upgrade in accessibility , usability , aesthetics and most importantly , it will be resident focused . Built to find the information and services you need quickly . Please feel free to stop by our website redesign project page for details ! Translate English Arabic Chinese Croatian French German Hindi Italian Japanese Korean Portuguese Russian Spanish Hebrew Ukrainian Vietnamese Armenian Latin Nepali Sudanese × Close