726 of 2022 , entitled “ Resolution amending Resolution 410 of 2022 , which reappropriated federal American Rescue Plan funding , by updating the approved projects as outlined in Exhibit A , version 4 , ” is hereby amended as follows : Section 1 . The City of Pittsburgh American Rescue Plan ( “ Plan ” ) , as presented by the Pittsburgh Recovery Task Force in Exhibit A , version 5 , is hereby approved and appropriated as described in subsequent sections . Section 2 . At the beginning of fiscal years 2022 , 2023 , and 2024 , the Office of Management and Budget shall recalculate the amount of dollars approved as “ Lost Revenue ” funds using the prescribed federal formula . The Mayor and City Council shall amend the Plan as needed in response to these adjustments . Section 3 . Following the calculation as described in Section 2 , funds appropriated for City of Pittsburgh operating expenses shall be transferred from the American Rescue Plan Trust Fund to the General Fund in each respective year of the Plan . These funds shall be posted as revenue to JDE object account 102200.48115 . Section 4 . Funds appropriated for City of Pittsburgh capital projects shall be transferred from the American Rescue Plan Trust Fund to the Capital Improvement Fund in each respective year of the Plan . The Mayor and City Council shall approve separate resolutions to authorize said projects . Section 5 . Eligible transfers to City authorities and partners shall be authorized in separate Intergovernmental Cooperation Agreements or Professional Service Agreements . Said Agreements shall include provisions indicating that the City shall be reimbursed if any expenses are deemed ineligible by the federal government . Section 6 . Certain expenditures may be paid directly from the American Rescue Plan Trust Fund . Any such expenditure shall be approved in a separate resolution by the Mayor and City Council . Section 7 . All appropriated funds shall be obligated by December 31 , 2024 and spent by December 31 , 2026 . Section 8 . All expenses shall comply with United States federal law , rules , and guidelines .