requests are often related to software , equipment , or personnel and are regarded to be essential in achieving the goals or augmenting the services of each individual Department . OMB compiles all such requests and evaluates how they relate to the Mayor ’ s strategic initiatives . Subject to available funds , those requests that fall in line with the citywide initiatives are funded in each respective division ’ s budget in the five-year forecast.City of Pittsburgh Operating Budget Fiscal Year 2024 Budget Guide 27 How to Read the Budget Throughout this budget document , financial data is illustrated in a variety of ways . In general , each separate section of the document reports the same financial data . The level of detail is the only substantial difference between each report within a section . Departmental Sections The most detailed and specific illustration of the General Fund Operating Budget financial data can be found in the Departmental Sections of the document . This section details funds by subclass and account that have been appropriated to each individual division . The following are the different components that in aggregate make up the Departmental Sections of the Operating Budget . City of Pittsburgh Operating Budget Fiscal Year 2024 Budget Guide 28 Organization Chart The organization chart is a visual depiction of the functional areas within each City Department , Agency , Bureau , or Elected Office that are responsible for the execution of services and programs . The chart is very general ; with the exception of directors or other managers , the chart does not identify individual positions . Departmental Overview At the beginning of each departmental section , readers will find a Mission Statement which defines the organization . The Mission Statement is followed by an overview that provides a detailed description of the department . This section of the narrative describes different functional areas within each Department , Agency , Bureau , or Elected Office and their associated services or programs . Current year accomplishments are listed . Position Summary The position summary lists all of the budgeted jobs within the organization . The full-time equivalent , or “ FTE , ” represents the number of full-time workers in the position . The “ Rate/Grade ” category indicates how an employee ’ s pay level is calculated . Grade and step plans for non-union employees and AFSCME 2719 employees can be found as an appendix to this document . For full time positions , a “ 12 ” in the “ Hours/Months ” column indicates that the position is budgeted for all 12 months in the year . Smaller numbers indicate a position starting or ending mid-year . For part time positions , the number in this column represents budgeted hours of work . The “ Budget ” column highlights the total amount , in dollars , that is allocated to pay all personnel in that position . The “ Vacancy Allowance ” adjusts the subclass expenditures to account for savings associated with vacant positions throughout the year . A summary from 2023 is also included to facilitate comparisons . Subclass Detail This portion of the departmental budget includes 2022 actual expenditures and budget numbers at the subclass and object account level . For example , the general “ Professional and Technical Services ” subclass will highlight the appropriation amounts for specific accounts , such as “ Administrative Fees , ” “ Workforce Training , ” and “ Computer Maintenance . ” Readers can easily compare budgeted expenditures from 2023 with budgeted expenditures for 2024 . The final columns shows the difference and percent difference between the 2023 and 2024 budgeted amounts . Under the Personnel – Salaries & Wages subclass , there are several important details . Regular salary represents the total base pay for the organization . Longevity pay is awarded to employees in certain collective bargaining agreements based on seniority and tenure . Salary allowances are used to pay for part-time , temporary , or seasonal workers , as well as student interns . When uniform allowances are paid directly to employees , their costs are listed accordingly . Leave Buyback represents sick leave hours that can be “ sold back ” to the City . Premium Pay appropriations compensate for overtime hours . Reimbursements are funds from outside sources that are used to offset certain position expenses . Five-Year Forecasts Finally , the five-year forecast allows readers to consider what the City expects to spend in the future . In addition to the 2024 budget , there are projections for 2025 through 2028 . The percent change from the prior year is included as a reference point . Note for Fund Accounts For special revenue accounts that are included in the Operating Budget , the Fiscal Year 2024 summary is composed of the “ Projected Beginning Balance ” for January 1 , 2024 , anticipated revenues and expenditures , and the “ Projected Ending Balance ” for December 31 , 2024 . These funds carry over from year to year .