accounts against which encumbrances have been originally charged . Said encumbrances shall either be paid or cleared by the City Controller per the City ’ s encumbrance policy . Section 4 . No liability shall be incurred against any appropriation line item in excess of the budgeted amount , with the exception of payroll and benefits as required by collective bargaining agreements and applicable laws . Section 5 . No obligation shall be incurred by any Department , Office , or Bureau of the City Government other than for salaries or wages , except through the issue of an invoice , stating the service to be rendered , work performed , or supplies , materials or equipment to be furnished together with the estimated cost of the same . The Director of the Office of Management and Budget is hereby authorized to provide upon requisition by the head of any department all necessary supplies , materials , equipment and machinery for such department ; provided , however , that no requisition of any department shall be filled by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget in excess of the appropriation budgeted to the department . Section 6 . Council may , by resolution , restrict expenditures from the appropriations made herein , both as to amounts of expenditures , reasons for expenditures and the periods within which expenditures may be made . Section 7 . Pursuant to Article V , Section 507 of the Home Rule Charter , Council may amend by resolution the operating budget within five weeks of the beginning of the 2024 fiscal year , but not thereafter except with the approval of the Mayor . Council at all times may transfer funds from one account to another if the total budget amount is not exceeded . This operating budget shall , in any event , remain balanced at all times . Section 8 . Pursuant to Title Two , Article I , Chapter 219 , Section 219.02 “ Five-Year Plan , ” these appropriation budget also includes a five-year plan which consists of the budgetary years 2024-2028 and a projection for revenues , expenditures , operating results , and general fund balances for each year . Section 9 . For purposes of administration and account control , the account numbers indicated herein shall be considered as part of the appropriation titles . Section 10 . The appropriations related to grants , trust funds , and special revenue funds contained in this budget document shall be used as a guide . The revenues and expenditures of City accounts other than the general operating budget are authorized by their enabling legislation . 7 Section 11 . The City Council Budget Director is authorized to make minor technical and formatting changes to the budget document as needed . No changes shall change the funding of any department or bureau , or otherwise be substantive in nature . 8 File 2023-2151 Resolution fixing the number of officers and employees of the City of Pittsburgh for the 2024 fiscal year , and the rate of compensation thereof , and setting maximum levels for designated positions . Be it resolved by the Council of the City of Pittsburgh as follows : Section 1 . From and after January 1 , 2024 , the number of officers and employees of all Departments , Bureaus , and Offices of the City of Pittsburgh , and the rate of compensation thereof , are hereby fixed and established as set forth herein . Section 2 . To ensure the capacity of the City to provide an effective level of Municipal services which will meet the economic , physical and social needs of its citizens , residents , visitors and neighborhoods during the 2024 Fiscal Year , those positions designated by Sections 3 , 4 , and 5 of this Resolution shall remain filled for the entire year , subject to any reasonable time periods required to replace existing officers or employees who leave City employment for any reason during the year . There shall be no increase in the total number of filled positions so designated unless authorized by a resolution amending this budget or otherwise in accordance with Section 507 of the Home Rule Charter and Chapter 111 of the City Code . In adopting this resolution , it is the intention of Council to provide funding for the annual budget at a level that will enable all Departments , Bureaus , and Units of City Government to be staffed , equipped , and maintained at the levels mandated herein . Section 3 . The maximum levels are established for the following positions : Department of Public Safety Bureau of Police 2024 Account 230000.51101 Police Chief 1 Assistant Chief of Police 3 Commander 14 Police Lieutenant 30 Police Sergeant 102 Police Officer 700 Police Recruit As Needed Total Uniformed Police : 850 Section 4 . The maximum levels are established for the following positions : Department of Public Safety Bureau of Fire 2024 Account 250000.51101 Fire Chief 1 Assistant Chief 2 Deputy Chief 4 Battalion Chief 18 Firefighter Instructor 4 Public Education Specialist 1 Fire Captain 54 Fire Lieutenant 112 Firefighter 482 Firefighter Recruit As Needed Total Uniformed Firefighters : 678 9 Section 5 . The maximum levels are established for the following positions : Department of Public Safety Bureau of Emergency Medical Services 2024 Account 220000.51101 EMS Chief 1 Deputy Chief 1 Assistant Chief 1 Division Chief 3 Patient Care Coordinator 1 District Chief 10 Crew Chief 39 Paramedic 133 Emergency Medical Technician 28 Total Uniformed EMS Employees : 217 Section 6 . The maximum levels of staffing for all other officers and employees of all other departments and bureaus of the City and the rate of compensation thereof are hereby set in the budget document as follows . Section 7 . The levels of staffing for officers and employees of all federal grant programs , trust funds , and special revenue funds of the City and the rate of compensation thereof contained in this budget document shall be used as a guide .