the City 's financial burden . Many City departments provide various services for which rent or fees are charged . Examples of these fees include payments for safety inspections , copying City documents , rents from City properties , and the use or sale of rights of way . In addition , the City is compensated for services provided to other municipalities and governmental entities . For example , Emergency Medical Services collects fees after it transports individuals to receive medical care . In 2022 , actual non-tax revenue totaled $ 165,191,649 , or 23.5 percent of total City revenue . How Does the City Spend Money ? The tax and non-tax revenue collected annually by the City of Pittsburgh is used to provide services to residents ranging from refuse pick-up to the regular maintenance of capital assets . Expenditures are monitored by department or division and by subclass . Major expenditures include health insurance costs , pension payments , and workers ’ compensation claims for City of Pittsburgh employees . The Operating Budget also pays the principal and interest costs associated with past and current issuance of debt generated by previous and ongoing capital projects and other programs . The chart below illustrates historic costs associated with debt service , pension and other post-employment benefits ( OPEB ) contributions , health insurance and workers ’ compensation.City of Pittsburgh Operating Budget Fiscal Year 2024 Budget Guide 24 $ ( Millions ) Select Major Expenditures , 2018-2022 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022Health Insurance Workers ' CompensationPension and OPEBDebt Service050,000,000100,000,000150,000,000 Health Insurance These expenditures are categorized within the Personnel – Employment Benefits subclass . Prior to 2016 these expenditures were budgeted centrally in the Department of Human Resources and Civil Service . Except for retiree health insurance , these expenditures are budgeted across all divisions based on staffing levels and plan elections . Health Insurance 52101 Health Insurance 52111 Other Insurance and Benefits 52121 Retiree Health Insurance Workers ’ Compensation These expenditures are categorized within the Personnel – Employment Benefits subclass . Most medical , indemnity , and fees are budgeted across divisions with outstanding claims . Legal and settlement expenses remain budgeted in the Department of Human Resources and Civil Service with accounts organized as follows : Workers ' Compensation 52301 Medical - Workers ' Compensation 52305 Indemnity - Workers ' Compensation 52309 Legal - Workers ' Compensation 52314 Workers ' Compensation Settlement 52315 Workers ' Compensation Fees Pension & OPEB The City of Pittsburgh operates three pension plans for retired police , fire , and municipal employees . `` Other post- employment benefits `` refers to benefits , such as health insurance , that are provided to qualifying retired City workers . These expenditures are housed within the Personnel – Employment Benefits subclass in the Department of Finance and are organized via the following individual accounts : City of Pittsburgh Operating Budget Fiscal Year 2024 Budget Guide 25 Pension and OPEB 52401 Pension Contribution 52404 Retiree Contribution 52407 Widow ( er ) Contribution 52410 Survivor Contribution 52413 Additional Pension Fund 52416 Early Retirement Healthcare 52419 Retired Police Officer 52422 Retired Firefighters 52423 Retired EMS 52605 Retirement Severance 52901 OPEB Contribution Debt Service Debt service is defined as payments made to the principal and interest balances of previously issued municipal bonds in order to ensure their timely retirement . Debt service exists as its own subclass within the Department of Finance and is composed of the following accounts : Debt Service 82101 Interest Expense - Bonds 82103 Principal Budget Creation Process The operating budget development cycle begins in late spring , when the Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) forwards a memorandum detailing the budget preparation process and general high level expectations , policy goals , and citywide strategic initiatives to all City divisions . OMB also holds public meetings , as required by City Code . After receiving baseline budgets from OMB , individual divisions work with their budget analysts to draft and submit proposals . Each division presents budget proposals to OMB . These proposals include current year achievements , requests for general and project-specific funding , and personnel position changes . The Mayor reviews the proposals to ensure that requests align with citywide goals and strategic plans/initiatives and decides which , if any , should be funded . The Mayor releases a preliminary budget at the end of September . OMB hosts additional public meetings to garner feedback . If fiscal conditions allow for changes , revisions are made . When the proposals and the Mayor ’ s strategic initiatives are aligned , the Mayor formally submits both budgets to City Council in November . City Council reviews the budget and holds a number of meetings and televised hearings with each division . After consideration of public input and Member priorities , City Council makes changes to the budget and then holds a vote to adopt the budget . This must occur before December 31st . Failure to enact a budget prior to January 1st of the new year means that the City can not pay any vendors , can not undertake any projects , and can not ( subject to collective bargaining agreements ) pay any employees . The last time a budget was not approved before December 31st was 1931 . Upon adoption , OMB is responsible for implementing and overseeing the City of Pittsburgh ’ s Operating and Capital Budgets . Throughout the fiscal year , OMB monitors the City ’ s expenditures and revenues , provides legislative oversight on any matters related to the budget , and oversees budget transfers and adjustments . Analysts in OMB prepare quarterly reports on the performance of major revenue sources and expenditure categories , reports on key factors driving the budget , reports on cash flow , and brief updates on important management initiatives.City of Pittsburgh Operating Budget Fiscal Year 2024 Budget Guide 26 Five-Year Financial Forecast In addition to developing the budget , OMB and the Department of Finance are responsible for estimating both expenditures and revenues for the four years following the next fiscal year .