television station cmuTV has broadcast live video coverage of the races with commentary from WRCT-FM . In the fall of 2008 the Buggy Alumni Association [ 17 ] was founded to preserve the history of the sport , assist with keeping alumni connected to the event and assist the current students in maintaining the race 's continuing existence . The race videos are available on DVD from cmuTV after the races end . Midway [ edit ] A booth in Carnegie Mellon University 's 2013 Booth Competition , a part of the spring Carnival For Carnival Weekend , the College of Fine Arts parking lot is turned into `` Midway . `` Midway features both booths and carnival rides . Booths are multi-story structures constructed by campus organizations , featuring ( usually ) free games and cheap giveaway prizes . The booths are intricate , multi-level affairs , showing off the creativity and energy of the students who construct them . The Friday of the week before Carnival is known as `` Move On `` , and is when all the organizations who are building booths move their supplies , materials , tools , and pre-fabricated components onto Midway . Build week commences from that Friday night , and for the entire week , organizations steadfastly build their booths , preparing for the official opening of Midway at 3:00 pm the following Thursday . Each year , an overall theme for booths is chosen . Booth has four competitive categories . These include : fraternity , sorority , independent , and blitz ( smaller booths ) . Each organization chooses a sub-theme and builds their booth accordingly . The construction of these booths is a competition and each booth is judged on various criteria , including both daytime and nighttime appearance , adherence to theme , game playability , environmentalism , and appropriateness of prizes . Midway also features portable carnival rides that are brought in and set up , along with standard carnival concession food . Various musical acts , improv comedy troupes , and other performances are staged in a nearby tent running throughout the weekend and providing a backdrop to the entire spectacle . Mobot [ edit ] A mobot approaches the end of the course , with Hamerschlag Hall in the background . `` Mobot , `` a general term resulting from shortening `` mobile robot `` , is an annual competition at Carnegie Mellon that made its debut in 1994 . In this event , robots try ( autonomously ) to pass through gates , in order , and reach the finish line . There is a white line on the pavement connecting the gates , and the line is normally used to find the gates , though it is not mandated by the rules that the robots follow the line . Towards the end of the course , the lines split and merge randomly , and knowledge of which line leads to the next gate is needed to consistently finish the course . This information is provided by the judges shortly before the actual competition begins . The current undergraduate mobot course record of 1:17:10 is held by Nathaniel Barshay for his entry `` AEPi `` which competed in 2010 . The overall mobot course record of 33.99 seconds is held by a Michael Licitra and Jeff McMahill set in 2009 . In Carnival fashion , awards are presented to overall winners . The rewards are as follows : First Place ( $ 1000 ) , Second Place ( $ 500 ) , Third Place ( $ 250 ) , Open Class ( $ 250 ) , Judges ' Choice ( $ 100 ) , Course Record ( $ 250 ) , and MoboJoust ( $ 100 ) . [ 18 ] Entry to compete in the Mobot competition is free and is for currently enrolled undergraduate students at Carnegie Mellon . The Mobot Competition is run and organized by the School of Computer Science at Carnegie Mellon University . Kiltie Band [ edit ] The Kiltie Band is the concert and marching band of Carnegie Mellon University , Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , United States . It is known for wearing kilts , in recognition of the Scottish-American ancestry of Andrew Carnegie , the founder of the university . As of 2021 , the band 's director is Carnegie Mellon and Kiltie alumnus Jeremy Olisar . [ 19 ] The previous director , serving the band for 38 years , was music professor Paul Gerlach . [ 19 ] The band was formed in 1908 with seven members and has grown to more than 130 members . [ 20 ] The band took the field for its first official performance on November 25 , 1922 on what would have been Andrew Carnegie 's 87th birthday . [ 21 ] Until 1957 , the band was male only , but in that year a female flutist joined and by 1961 there were eleven young women in the band . [ 22 ] In the early nineties the band , under the direction of Paul Gerlach who was known as the Director For Life without the Possibility for Parole , started a new tradition within the band . Drawing inspiration from the critically acclaimed 1975 film , Monty Python and the Holy Grail , a trumpeter of the band ( Ray Strobel ) , wrote an arrangement of King Arthur 's Quest for the band . To this day , a King takes to the track every home game between the third and fourth quarters , to quest for the Grail , with his loyal steed , Patsy . [ 21 ] The Kiltie Marching Band consists of musicians and colorguard and plays at all Carnegie Mellon home football games . There is a new show every week with music ranging from traditional marches and oldies to current pop tunes and jazz standards .