to the public ; No tickets required . Saturday , April 12 Student Recital : Emily Garcia 12 Apr @ 08:00 pm | Kresge Theatre Student Recital Emily Garcia , soprano I-Hsiang Chao , piano Program : TBA Cost : Free and open to the public ; No tickets required . Sunday , April 13 Student Recital : David Song 13 Apr @ 12:00 pm | Kresge Theatre Student Recital David Song , saxophone Donna Amato , piano Program : TBA Cost : Free and open to the public ; No tickets required . Student Recital : Evelyn Davenport 13 Apr @ 04:00 pm | Kresge Theatre Student Recital Evelyn Davenport , piano Program : TBA Cost : Free and open to the public ; No tickets required . Tuesday , April 15 Carnegie Mellon Jazz Orchestra & JIVE-Carnegie Mellon Jazz Choir 15 Apr @ 07:00 pm | Carnegie Music Hall Carnegie Mellon Jazz Orchestra & JIVE-Carnegie Mellon Jazz Choir The Carnegie Mellon School of Music Jazz Ensembles explore a variety of jazz genres , from traditional swing to current trends in jazz fusion and jazz chamber music , while also performing jazz classics in a big band style . Mark Snyder , Director of Carnegie Mellon Jazz OrchestraBetsy La Wednesday , April 16 Carnegie Mellon Guitar Ensemble 16 Apr @ 08:00 pm | Kresge Theatre Carnegie Mellon Guitar Ensemble The Carnegie Mellon Guitar Ensemble presents creatively expressive performances of duos , trios , quartets , and larger ensemble music from every major Western music style period . John Marcinizyn , director Program : TBA Cost : Free and open to the public ; Tickets required . Friday , April 18 Student Recital : Siyuan Shen 18 Apr @ 04:30 pm | Kresge Theatre Student Recital Siyuan Shen , saxophoneDonna Amato , piano Program : TBA Cost : Free and open to the public ; No tickets required . Student Recital : Yuyuan He 18 Apr @ 07:30 pm | Kresge Theatre Student Recital Yuyuan He , saxophoneDonna Amato , piano Program : TBA Cost : Free and open to the public ; No tickets required . Saturday , April 19 Student Recital : Leila Gottlieb 19 Apr @ 02:00 pm | Alumni Concert Hall Student Recital Leila Gottlieb , composer Program : TBA Cost : Free and open to the public ; No tickets required . Student Recital : Nathan Sekela 19 Apr @ 04:30 pm | Kresge Theatre Student Recital Nathan Sekela , tenorKatelyn Denman , piano Program : TBA Cost : Free and open to the public ; No tickets required . Wednesday , April 23 Student Recital : Aliyah Quill 23 Apr @ 07:30 pm | Kresge Theatre Student Recital Aliyah Quill , soprano John Makara , piano Program : TBA Cost : Free and open to the public ; No tickets required . Friday , April 25 Student Recital : Jinyang Hu 25 Apr @ 04:30 pm | Kresge Theatre Student Recital Jinyang Hu , saxophoneDonna Amato , piano Program : TBA Cost : Free and open to the public ; No tickets required . Saturday , April 26 Student Recital : Rachel Boll 26 Apr @ 04:00 pm | Kresge Theatre Student Recital Rachel Boll , cello Rodrigo Ojeda , piano Program : TBA Cost : Free and open to the public ; No tickets required . Sunday , April 27 Carnegie Mellon Philharmonic 27 Apr @ 08:00 pm | Heinz Hall Carnegie Mellon Philharmonic Daniel Nesta Curtis , conductor Andrew Gray , violin ( Winner of the 2024 Philharmonic Soloist Competition ) Program Lili Boulanger - D ’ Un Matin de Printemps Jerod Impichchaachaaha ’ Tate - Spider Brings Fire from Lowak Shoppala ( Fire and Light ) Richard Strauss - Death and Transfiguration Karol Szymanowski - Vio Friday , May 2 Student Recital : I-Hsiang Chao 02 May @ 07:00 pm | Kresge Theatre Student Recital I-Hsiang Chao , piano Program : TBA Cost : Free and open to the public ; No tickets required .