map ] Nexus of Civic Engagement , Cohon University Center ... 6 - 9 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 5 ) Scotty is a member of CMU Votes and encourages you to participate in democratic engagement events throughout the year . Voter Registration Assistance A member of the CMU Votes team will be available to help you register to vote , check your voter registration status , and/or find your polling place for the upcoming election . All Day Event Thumbnail Fall Break ; No Classes [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . [ map ] Hunt Library Gallery All Day Event Thumbnail Like , Totally Transformative : CMU in the 1980s This University Libraries ’ exhibit is a portal to the past , a snapshot of life on campus more than four decades ago as our world began to transform ! [ map ] Tepper School of Business All Day Meaningful Play 2024 The CMU Center for Transformational Play is hosting Meaningful Play for the first time in 2024 . All Day Event Thumbnail National Disability Employment Awareness Month [ map ] Cohon University Center All Day Event Thumbnail Scholars at Risk USA General Assembly This conference will bring together scholars , leaders and advocates from SAR member universities and educational associations across the nation to discuss strategies for supporting scholars and promoting academic freedom locally , in the U.S. , and around the world . All Day Sukkot [ map ] Cohon University Center , Main Hallway All Day Scotty is a member of CMU Votes and encourages you to participate in democratic engagement events throughout the year . “ Your Vote , Your Future ” Exhibition Get inspired to vote by attending “ Your Vote , Your Future , ” an exhibition created by the School of Design ’ s third-year communication design students that emphasizes the power of voting and civic engagement . Thursday , October 17 [ map ] Cohon University Center Midnight Event Thumbnail Scholars at Risk USA General Assembly This conference will bring together scholars , leaders and advocates from SAR member universities and educational associations across the nation to discuss strategies for supporting scholars and promoting academic freedom locally , in the U.S. , and around the world . [ map ] Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation , 5th Fl ... 9 a.m. - 5 p.m. M-F ( to Dec 17 ) Arisaema ringens , inflorescence , unfertilized fruits and foliage , scale ×1 [ Arisaema ringens ( Thunberg ) Schott , Araceae ] , watercolor on paper by Marianne Hazlewood ( Scotland ) , 2018 , 60.2 × 41.3 cm , reproduced by permission of the artist . 17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration This Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation exhibition includes 43 artworks by 43 artists representing 19 countries . [ map ] CMU Pantry 2 - 5 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 20 ) Event Thumbnail CMU Pantry Hours The CMU Pantry is a free resource that combats food insecurity by providing food assistance to CMU students and their dependents . [ map ] Hunt Library , 5th Floor 6 - 8 p.m. Arisaema ringens , inflorescence , unfertilized fruits and foliage , scale ×1 [ Arisaema ringens ( Thunberg ) Schott , Araceae ] , watercolor on paper by Marianne Hazlewood ( Scotland ) , 2018 , 60.2 × 41.3 cm , reproduced by permission of the artist . Reception : 17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration Join us for the reception of Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation ’ s 17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration , which features 43 artworks by 43 artists , representing 19 countries . The exhibition runs through Dec. 17 , 2024 . [ map ] Nexus of Civic Engagement , Room 102 , Cohon Univers ... 6 - 9 p.m. Weekly ( to Nov 6 ) Scotty is a member of CMU Votes and encourages you to participate in democratic engagement events throughout the year . Voter Registration Assistance A member of the CMU Votes team will be available to help you register to vote , check your voter registration status , and/or find your polling place for the upcoming election . All Day Event Thumbnail Fall Break ; No Classes [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . [ map ] Hunt Library Gallery All Day Event Thumbnail Like , Totally Transformative : CMU in the 1980s This University Libraries ’ exhibit is a portal to the past , a snapshot of life on campus more than four decades ago as our world began to transform ! [ map ] Tepper School of Business All Day Meaningful Play 2024 The CMU Center for Transformational Play is hosting Meaningful Play for the first time in 2024 . All Day Event Thumbnail National Disability Employment Awareness Month All Day Sukkot [ map ] Cohon University Center , Main Hallway All Day Scotty is a member of CMU Votes and encourages you to participate in democratic engagement events throughout the year . “ Your Vote , Your Future ” Exhibition Get inspired to vote by attending “ Your Vote , Your Future , ” an exhibition created by the School of Design ’ s third-year communication design students that emphasizes the power of voting and civic engagement .