insecurity by providing food assistance to CMU students and their dependents . 11 a.m. - 2 p.m. CMU Tartans logo ( Women ’ s Volleyball ) Grove City vs. Carnegie Mellon Noon - 3 p.m. CMU Tartans logo ( Football ) Allegheny vs. Carnegie Mellon Allegheny College - Meadville , Pa. 2 - 5 p.m. CMU Tartans logo ( Women ’ s Basketball ) Penn State-Behrend vs. Carnegie Mellon 3 - 6 p.m. CMU Tartans logo ( Women ’ s Volleyball ) Oberlin vs. Carnegie Mellon [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . [ map ] Hunt Library Gallery All Day Event Thumbnail Like , Totally Transformative : CMU in the 1980s This University Libraries ’ exhibit is a portal to the past , a snapshot of life on campus more than four decades ago as our world began to transform ! All Day Event Thumbnail Native American Heritage Month Sunday , November 10 [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . [ map ] Hunt Library Gallery All Day Event Thumbnail Like , Totally Transformative : CMU in the 1980s This University Libraries ’ exhibit is a portal to the past , a snapshot of life on campus more than four decades ago as our world began to transform ! All Day Event Thumbnail Native American Heritage Month Monday , November 11 [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . [ map ] Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation , 5th Fl ... 9 a.m. - 5 p.m. M-F ( to Dec 17 ) Arisaema ringens , inflorescence , unfertilized fruits and foliage , scale ×1 [ Arisaema ringens ( Thunberg ) Schott , Araceae ] , watercolor on paper by Marianne Hazlewood ( Scotland ) , 2018 , 60.2 × 41.3 cm , reproduced by permission of the artist . 17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration This Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation exhibition includes 43 artworks by 43 artists representing 19 countries . [ map ] Morewood Gardens Group Room 1 - 2:30 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 13 ) Event Thumbnail Neurospicy — Graduate Neurospicy is a supportive space for students across the neurodiverse umbrella to discuss their experiences traversing neuro-typical and allistic landscapes . [ map ] CMU Pantry 2 - 5 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 20 ) Event Thumbnail CMU Pantry Hours The CMU Pantry is a free resource that combats food insecurity by providing food assistance to CMU students and their dependents . 6:30 - 7:30 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 13 ) Event Thumbnail PhD Student Support Group The PhD Support Group offers space to confidentially discuss the stressors and challenges of navigating relationships with advisors and peers , academic milestones , academic hazing , low motivation , struggles with self-confidence , and efforts to lead a more balanced life . [ map ] Hunt Library Gallery All Day Event Thumbnail Like , Totally Transformative : CMU in the 1980s This University Libraries ’ exhibit is a portal to the past , a snapshot of life on campus more than four decades ago as our world began to transform ! All Day Event Thumbnail Native American Heritage Month All Day Event Thumbnail Semester pass/no pass & withdrawal deadline All Day Veteran ’ s Day Tuesday , November 12 [ map ] Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation , 5th Fl ... 9 a.m. - 5 p.m. M-F ( to Dec 17 ) Arisaema ringens , inflorescence , unfertilized fruits and foliage , scale ×1 [ Arisaema ringens ( Thunberg ) Schott , Araceae ] , watercolor on paper by Marianne Hazlewood ( Scotland ) , 2018 , 60.2 × 41.3 cm , reproduced by permission of the artist . 17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration This Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation exhibition includes 43 artworks by 43 artists representing 19 countries . [ map ] CMU Pantry 2 - 5 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 20 ) Event Thumbnail CMU Pantry Hours The CMU Pantry is a free resource that combats food insecurity by providing food assistance to CMU students and their dependents . 4 - 5 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 17 ) Event Thumbnail Invisible Fight : Chronic Illness Support Group Living with a chronic illness/medical condition can be an isolating experience . This support group is an opportunity for students who experience chronic conditions ( i.e . asthma , diabetes , autoimmune diseases , cancer , and others ) to gather in community for support and validation . [ map ] Morewood Gardens Group Room 6 - 7 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 10 ) Event Thumbnail LGBTQIA+ Support and Social Group Come join us at this safer space for LGBTQIA+ folks to socialize and support one another . [ map ] Hunt Library , Floor 1 , Studio A ( 106B ) 6 - 8 p.m. Weekly ( to Nov 20 ) An orange VR headset and orange video game controller hover in the air over a light blue background .