40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . Thursday , February 20 , 2025 All Day Black History Month [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . Friday , February 21 , 2025 All Day Black History Month [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . Saturday , February 22 , 2025 9 a.m. - Noon CMU Tartans logo ( Men ’ s Tennis ) Washington College vs. Carnegie Mellon All Day Black History Month [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . Sunday , February 23 , 2025 All Day Black History Month [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . 1 - 4 p.m. CMU Tartans logo ( Men ’ s Tennis ) Kenyon vs. Carnegie Mellon Monday , February 24 , 2025 [ map ] Kresge Theatre , College of Fine Arts @ 5000 Forbes ... 7:30 - 9:30 p.m . Event Thumbnail Carnegie Mellon Chamber Series : Happening Now All Day Black History Month [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day Event Thumbnail Semester course drop deadline ; withdrawal grade assigned after this date Tuesday , February 25 , 2025 All Day Black History Month [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . Wednesday , February 26 , 2025 All Day Black History Month [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . Thursday , February 27 , 2025 [ map ] Carnegie Music Hall , Oakland @ 4400 Forbes Avenue , ... 8 - 10 p.m. CMU Philharmonic Carnegie Mellon Philharmonic | Student Composers Concert All Day Black History Month [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . Friday , February 28 , 2025 Midnight Black History Month [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day Event Thumbnail Mini-3 Last Day of Classes All Day Event Thumbnail Mini-3 voucher deadline All Day Ramadan Saturday , March 1 , 2025 1 - 4 p.m. CMU Tartans logo ( Men ’ s Basketball ) Case Western Reserve vs. Carnegie Mellon 3 - 6 p.m. CMU Tartans logo ( Women ’ s Basketball ) Case Western Reserve vs. Carnegie Mellon Emory University - Atlanta , GA All Day CMU Tartans logo ( Men ’ s Tennis ) Sewanee vs. Carnegie Mellon [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city .