of this dynamic city . All Day Lent / Great Lent All Day Ramadan All Day Women ’ s History Month Sunday , March 16 , 2025 Transylvania University Pioneer Classic 12:15 - 3:15 p.m. CMU Tartans logo ( Softball ) Wilmington ( Ohio ) vs. Carnegie Mellon [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day Lent / Great Lent All Day Ramadan All Day Women ’ s History Month Monday , March 17 , 2025 [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day Lent / Great Lent All Day Ramadan All Day St. Patrick ’ s Day All Day Women ’ s History Month Tuesday , March 18 , 2025 [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day Lent / Great Lent All Day Ramadan All Day Women ’ s History Month Wednesday , March 19 , 2025 [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day Lent / Great Lent All Day Naw Rúz All Day Ramadan All Day Women ’ s History Month Thursday , March 20 , 2025 Midnight Naw Rúz [ map ] Alumni Concert Hall , College of Fine Arts @ 5000 F ... 7:30 - 9:30 p.m . Event Thumbnail CMU Chorus & Singers [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day Lent / Great Lent All Day Ostara All Day Ramadan All Day Women ’ s History Month Friday , March 21 , 2025 All Day CMU Tartans logo ( Men ’ s Tennis ) St. Francis ( Pa. ) vs. Carnegie Mellon [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day Lent / Great Lent All Day Ramadan All Day Women ’ s History Month Saturday , March 22 , 2025 All Day CMU Tartans logo ( Men ’ s Tennis ) Stevens vs. Carnegie Mellon [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day Lent / Great Lent All Day Ramadan All Day Women ’ s History Month Sunday , March 23 , 2025 [ map ] Carnegie Music Hall , Oakland @ 4400 Forbes Avenue , ... 2:30 - 4:30 p.m . Event Thumbnail Carnegie Mellon Wind Ensemble All Day CMU Tartans logo ( Softball ) Mount Union vs. Carnegie Mellon All Day CMU Tartans logo ( Softball ) Mount Union vs. Carnegie Mellon [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day Lent / Great Lent All Day Ramadan All Day Women ’ s History Month Monday , March 24 , 2025 [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day Lent / Great Lent All Day Ramadan All Day Women ’ s History Month Tuesday , March 25 , 2025 [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city .