Hunt Library Gallery All Day Event Thumbnail Like , Totally Transformative : CMU in the 1980s This University Libraries ’ exhibit is a portal to the past , a snapshot of life on campus more than four decades ago as our world began to transform ! All Day Event Thumbnail National Disability Employment Awareness Month All Day Sukkot [ map ] Cohon University Center , Main Hallway All Day Scotty is a member of CMU Votes and encourages you to participate in democratic engagement events throughout the year . “ Your Vote , Your Future ” Exhibition Get inspired to vote by attending “ Your Vote , Your Future , ” an exhibition created by the School of Design ’ s third-year communication design students that emphasizes the power of voting and civic engagement . Wednesday , October 23 Midnight Sukkot Online 9 - 10 a.m . Event Thumbnail Data Visualization in R Are you currently involved in work that could be augmented by visualizing your data for analysis or to communicate your findings to the public ? Would you like to further your skills or learn new ways to make charts , graphs , maps using the R ? Online 9 - 10:15 a.m. Introduction to Neurodiversity and Neuroinclusive Learning The foundational session for the Neuroinclusive Teaching Series [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . [ map ] Hunt Library Gallery All Day Event Thumbnail Like , Totally Transformative : CMU in the 1980s This University Libraries ’ exhibit is a portal to the past , a snapshot of life on campus more than four decades ago as our world began to transform ! All Day Event Thumbnail Mid-Semester & Mini-1 grades due by All Day Event Thumbnail National Disability Employment Awareness Month All Day Shemini Atzeret [ map ] Cohon University Center , Main Hallway All Day Scotty is a member of CMU Votes and encourages you to participate in democratic engagement events throughout the year . “ Your Vote , Your Future ” Exhibition Get inspired to vote by attending “ Your Vote , Your Future , ” an exhibition created by the School of Design ’ s third-year communication design students that emphasizes the power of voting and civic engagement . [ map ] Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation , 5th Fl ... 9 a.m. - 5 p.m. M-F ( to Dec 17 ) Arisaema ringens , inflorescence , unfertilized fruits and foliage , scale ×1 [ Arisaema ringens ( Thunberg ) Schott , Araceae ] , watercolor on paper by Marianne Hazlewood ( Scotland ) , 2018 , 60.2 × 41.3 cm , reproduced by permission of the artist . 17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration This Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation exhibition includes 43 artworks by 43 artists representing 19 countries . [ map ] Hunt Library Room 308 Noon - 1 p.m . Event Thumbnail How Is Data ? Explore how data is processed and used to tell stories . [ map ] Hamburg Hall , A301 12:30 - 1:45 p.m. Scotty is a member of CMU Votes and encourages you to participate in democratic engagement events throughout the year . Data-Driven Democracy : Using Analytics and Advocacy to Combat Voter Suppression [ map ] Morewood Gardens Group Room 3:30 - 5 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 11 ) Event Thumbnail Gender in Process This is a supportive space for healing from internalized cissexism and transphobia , together . [ map ] Highmark Center for Health , Wellness and Athletics ... 4 - 5 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 13 ) Event Thumbnail Master ’ s Student Support Group The Master ’ s Student Support Group provides an opportunity for students to come together and discuss the unique experiences and challenges of being a Master ’ s student . [ map ] CMU Pantry 4:30 - 7:30 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 20 ) Event Thumbnail CMU Pantry Hours The CMU Pantry is a free resource that combats food insecurity by providing food assistance to CMU students and their dependents . [ map ] Nexus of Civic Engagement , Cohon University Center ... 6 - 9 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 5 ) Scotty is a member of CMU Votes and encourages you to participate in democratic engagement events throughout the year . Voter Registration Assistance A member of the CMU Votes team will be available to help you register to vote , check your voter registration status , and/or find your polling place for the upcoming election . Well-being Lab ( Room 104 ) , Wellness & Meaning- ... 7 - 8 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 12 ) Pause to Relax : Pet Therapy Paws to Relax : Weekly Pet Therapy Program Volunteers through Animal Friend ’ s Therapet program join us weekly on Wednesdays from 7-8 p.m. to offer some friendly dog companions for the hour . Thursday , October 24 [ map ] Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation , 5th Fl ... 9 a.m. - 5 p.m. M-F ( to Dec 17 ) Arisaema ringens , inflorescence , unfertilized fruits and foliage , scale ×1 [ Arisaema ringens ( Thunberg ) Schott , Araceae ] , watercolor on paper by Marianne Hazlewood ( Scotland ) , 2018 , 60.2 × 41.3 cm , reproduced by permission of the artist . 17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration This Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation exhibition includes 43 artworks by 43 artists representing 19 countries . [ map ] Sorrells Library Den , Wean Hall Fourth Floor Noon - 1 p.m . Event Thumbnail Coding Syntax in R Are you looking to enhance your coding skills ?