our democratic process from these threats . [ map ] Tepper Building , Simmons Auditorium ( A ) 5 - 6:30 p.m. Scotty is a member of CMU Votes and encourages you to participate in democratic engagement events throughout the year . Deeper Conversations Lecture : Cyber-enabled Nation-State Influence Operations : Are Russia , China , and Iran Interfering in the U.S. Election ? 6:30 - 7:30 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 13 ) Event Thumbnail PhD Student Support Group The PhD Support Group offers space to confidentially discuss the stressors and challenges of navigating relationships with advisors and peers , academic milestones , academic hazing , low motivation , struggles with self-confidence , and efforts to lead a more balanced life . [ map ] Kresge Theatre , College of Fine Arts @ 5000 Forbes ... 7:30 - 9:30 p.m . Event Thumbnail Carnegie Mellon Chamber Series : New Sounds [ map ] Hunt Library Gallery All Day Event Thumbnail Like , Totally Transformative : CMU in the 1980s This University Libraries ’ exhibit is a portal to the past , a snapshot of life on campus more than four decades ago as our world began to transform ! All Day Event Thumbnail National Disability Employment Awareness Month [ map ] Cohon University Center , Main Hallway All Day Scotty is a member of CMU Votes and encourages you to participate in democratic engagement events throughout the year . “ Your Vote , Your Future ” Exhibition Get inspired to vote by attending “ Your Vote , Your Future , ” an exhibition created by the School of Design ’ s third-year communication design students that emphasizes the power of voting and civic engagement . Tuesday , October 29 [ map ] Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation , 5th Fl ... 9 a.m. - 5 p.m. M-F ( to Dec 17 ) Arisaema ringens , inflorescence , unfertilized fruits and foliage , scale ×1 [ Arisaema ringens ( Thunberg ) Schott , Araceae ] , watercolor on paper by Marianne Hazlewood ( Scotland ) , 2018 , 60.2 × 41.3 cm , reproduced by permission of the artist . 17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration This Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation exhibition includes 43 artworks by 43 artists representing 19 countries . Online 10 - 11:30 a.m . Event Thumbnail Cleaning Untidy Data With OpenRefine Tired of spending hours and hours cleaning messy data in Excel spreadsheets ? Come learn OpenRefine , an easy-to-use , open source tool for data cleaning . [ map ] Merson Courtyard 10 a.m. - Noon Scotty is a member of CMU Votes and encourages you to participate in democratic engagement events throughout the year . Donuts & Democracy [ map ] Sorrells Library Den , Wean Hall Fourth Floor Noon - 1:30 p.m . Event Thumbnail Committing to Git ? A No-Code Introduction to Git Learn how to use Git and GitHub for your research or projects . [ map ] Swartz Center for Entrepreneurship , 3rd Level , Tep ... 12:30 - 1:30 p.m . Event Thumbnail Swartz Center for Entrepreneurship CONNECTS Seminar Series The CONNECTS seminar series enhances the experiential education of any individual interested in innovation and entrepreneurship . [ map ] CMU Pantry 2 - 5 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 20 ) Event Thumbnail CMU Pantry Hours The CMU Pantry is a free resource that combats food insecurity by providing food assistance to CMU students and their dependents . 4 - 5 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 17 ) Event Thumbnail Invisible Fight : Chronic Illness Support Group Living with a chronic illness/medical condition can be an isolating experience . This support group is an opportunity for students who experience chronic conditions ( i.e . asthma , diabetes , autoimmune diseases , cancer , and others ) to gather in community for support and validation . [ map ] Simmons A , Tepper School of Business 4:45 - 6 p.m. Dr. Kathleen Blee Anti-Hate Series : The Great Replacement Theory This session examines the Great Replacement Theory , a harmful and conspiratorial ideology stemming from the nexus of white nationalism , antisemitism , racism and xenophobia that has historically incited global hatred and violence . [ map ] Well-being Lab ( Room 104 ) , Wellness & Meaning- ... 5 - 6 p.m . Eating for Energy Workshop Join Jessica Tones , Dining Services registered dietitian , and discover how to fuel your body for sustained energy throughout the day . [ map ] Morewood Gardens Group Room 6 - 7 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 10 ) Event Thumbnail LGBTQIA+ Support and Social Group Come join us at this safer space for LGBTQIA+ folks to socialize and support one another . [ map ] Hunt Library , Floor 1 , Studio A ( 106B ) 6 - 8 p.m. Weekly ( to Oct 30 ) An orange VR headset and orange video game controller hover in the air over a light blue background . Playtest Night Join us for Playtest Night , an ongoing event series where Entertainment Technology Center and IDeATe students make their project work available for playtesting by guests . [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . [ map ] Hunt Library Gallery All Day Event Thumbnail Like , Totally Transformative : CMU in the 1980s This University Libraries ’ exhibit is a portal to the past , a snapshot of life on campus more than four decades ago as our world began to transform ! All Day Event Thumbnail National Disability Employment Awareness Month All Day Scotty is a member of CMU Votes and encourages you to participate in democratic engagement events throughout the year .