Instagram or YouTube June 21st , and use # MySongIsYourSong to join in the celebration ! We are also excited to announce special prizes for two lucky # MySongIsYourSong participants : They will receive prizes from Focusrite/Novation and Flight Ukulele . Also pair of songwriters will be selected at random to receive these prize bundles . To enter to win , just : Register using the form , below Receive your pairing with another songwriter Record your cover of their song Post it on Instagram or YouTube , and Send the link to catherine @ makemusicday.org by midnight ( New York time ) on June 21 , 2024 . Registration has closed at this time ! But follow all of the great artist that participated Listen Here ! Join the conversation following # MySongIsYourSong on YouTube , Facebook and Instagram . # MySongIsYourSong : 2022 Archive # MySongIsYourSong : 2021 Archive Monument Lighting We are excited to have the monument lighting again in Pittsburgh . Check out the city Skyline to see the buildings light up ORANGE in support of Make Music Globally ! Special thanks to The Koppers Building , Federated and also the Gulf Tower from 2023 . Press 2020 : Pittsburgh Post Gazette : What ’ s Happening in Pittsburgh Next Pittsburgh : 14 Things To Do This Weekend by Jenifer Baron 2019 : Vox Culture : The Global Midsummer Musical Bash by Alissa Wilkinson Kidsburgh : Wan na Play On Your Drum All Day by Kristy Locklin Slippery Rock University : SRU Music Facultry and Students Team Together to Compose Youth Experience by Megan Bush 2017 : KDKA : On Air Coverage Make Music Day 2017 2016 : Local Pittsburgh : Make Music Festival Brings PGH Musicians Out of Woodwork by Julianna Bagwell Pittsburgh Tribune Review : Pittsburgh Picks Up the Beat of Global Make Music Day by Rex Rutkoski 2015 : Pittsburgh Post Gazette : Let the Music Play all day Sunday by Amy Brooks : Tribune Review : Outdoor Concerts to fill Pittsburgh with Music on Make Music Day by Rex Rutkoski Pittsburgh City Paper : This Sunday , the international Make Music festival comes to Pittsburgh by Margaret Welsh Pittsburgh Post Gazette : Make Music Pittsburgh – Call for Artists and Venues by Elizabeth Bloom 3-minute video of various concerts from 2015 : edited by Tom Weber * If you are interested in writing about Make Music Pittsburgh , please contact us at pittsburgh @ makemusicday.org – and thank you ! * Photos from Past Events ! Thanks to All of the Great Participants , Musicians , Venues and Performers ! These are some of our favorites from the last couple of years . Contact Make Music Day Pittsburgh has a rockin ’ team ! Thanks to these amazing people the events gets bigger every year . Interested in joining ? Contact us at pittsburgh @ makemusicday.org or fill out our Google Form Advisory Committee Brad Wittmer -President/Director Emily Bovan Music Ambassador Bob Gally ( Media Manager ) Beth Schiemer ( New Brighton PA ) Music Helper Volunteer Cody Wittmer Veronica Wittmer James Polen Past Advisory Committee André Solomon ( Co-Director ) Michaela Kizershot White ( Co-Director ) Mark Despotakis Kateyln Clement Aubrey Carpenter Monica E. Soderman Zoe Sorrell Sondra E. Woodruff II Past Volunteers Jiashun Fang Tom White Sarah Schreck Rachel Kingham Kara Kulinski Founder Jasmine Kurjakovic Make Music Pittsburgh All content © 2024 Make Music Pittsburgh , unless noted otherwise . Make Music Pittsburgh is part of the Make Music Alliance .