Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra - Wikipedia Jump to content Main menu Main menu move to sidebar hide Navigation Main page Contents Current events Random article About Wikipedia Contact us Contribute Help Learn to edit Community portal Recent changes Upload file Search Search Donate Appearance Create account Log in Personal tools Create account Log in Pages for logged out editors learn more Contributions Talk Contents move to sidebar hide ( Top ) 1 History Toggle History subsection 1.1 1895–1910 : Founding and early history 1.2 1910–1938 : The New Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra 1.3 1938–1948 : The Reiner years 1.4 1952–1976 : The Steinberg years 1.5 1976–1984 : The Previn years 1.6 1984–1996 : The Maazel years 1.7 1995–2004 : The second century 1.8 2005–2007 : Interregnum 1.9 2008–present : Manfred Honeck 2 Music directors Toggle Music directors subsection 2.1 Other conductors in leadership positions 3 Broadcasts Toggle Broadcasts subsection 3.1 Previn and the Pittsburgh 3.2 Pittsburgh Symphony Radio 4 Heinz Hall history 5 References 6 External links Toggle the table of contents Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra 14 languages Català Deutsch Español فارسی Français 한국어 Italiano עברית Magyar Nederlands 日本語 Português Русский Simple English Edit links Article Talk English Read Edit View history Tools Tools move to sidebar hide Actions Read Edit View history General What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Cite this page Get shortened URL Download QR code Wikidata item Print/export Download as PDF Printable version In other projects Wikimedia Commons Appearance move to sidebar hide From Wikipedia , the free encyclopedia American orchestra based in Pittsburgh This article contains content that is written like an advertisement . Please help improve it by removing promotional content and inappropriate external links , and by adding encyclopedic content written from a neutral point of view . ( June 2018 ) ( Learn how and when to remove this message ) Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra ( PSO ) Orchestra Founded 1895 Concert hall Heinz Hall Principal conductor Manfred Honeck Website www .pittsburghsymphony .org The Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra ( PSO ) is an American orchestra based in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania . The orchestra is resident at Heinz Hall , located in Pittsburgh 's Cultural District . Since 2008 , the orchestra 's music director is Manfred Honeck . The orchestra 's current president and CEO is Melia Tourangeau . History [ edit ] 1895–1910 : Founding and early history [ edit ] The orchestra was founded by the Pittsburgh Arts Society with conductor Frederic Archer in 1895 , who brought with him a number of musicians from the Boston Symphony Orchestra and led the PSO in its first concert the following year . In 1898 , Victor Herbert was chosen to lead the orchestra . [ 1 ] The orchestra traveled at a more frequent rate under Herbert 's tenure , performing in Boston , Chicago , Washington , D.C. , and Canada . [ 2 ] Its personnel included such musicians as Luigi von Kunits ( later the first conductor of the Toronto Symphony Orchestra ) as concertmaster , first violinist Frederick William Stahlberg , [ 3 ] second violinist John Stepan Zamecnik , assistant principal cello Gaston Borch , Paul Henneberg as first flute , and Leon Medaer as first clarinet . [ 4 ] Herbert composed two orchestral works that the Pittsburgh Orchestra premiered : his Suite romantique op . 31 ( which he also dedicated to the orchestra ) [ 5 ] and the tone poem Hero and Leander op . 33 . [ 6 ] Under Herbert 's direction , the Pittsburgh Orchestra played as part of the Pan-American Exposition at the 1901 World 's Fair in Buffalo , New York , for which Herbert had also composed an original work for the exhibition titled `` Panamericana : Morceau Characteristique `` for the Orchestra to perform . [ 7 ] His tenure with the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra ended in 1904 because of increasingly strident disagreements with the orchestra 's manager , George H. Wilson , who disliked Herbert 's populist manner and personally despised him . [ 8 ] When Herbert left the orchestra in 1904 , the Symphony Society chose as his successor Austrian conductor Emil Paur . Paur took an intellectual approach to his work and avoided theatrics . Trained as a violinist , he had served as conductor of both the Boston Symphony Orchestra and the New York Philharmonic , as well as guest conductor throughout Europe , [ 9 ] and held the Pittsburgh Orchestra to the same exacting standards . Paur 's programs emphasized the classical repertoire and increased the presence of works by Johannes Brahms , whose music was considered too challenging for most audiences at that time . Additionally , Paur clashed with many of the orchestra 's musicians when he prohibited them from accepting outside performing engagements and continued to hire mainly European musicians . [ 10 ] Orchestra manager George H. Wilson resigned on December 24 , 1906 , shortly after the beginning of Paur 's third season , saying that his tenure , pride , and pleasure with the orchestra : `` ... have all constrained me during the past two years to bear with the personal idiosyncracies , the superficiality of his musical faith , the narrowness of his musical horizon , his indifference to the success of the out-of-town concerts , the hazard ( to the orchestra business ) of an uncontrolled temper , the frequent distrust of my motives , and the peculiar and ever-shifting focus of the stupidity of the present conductor ... these things are characteristic of the man , not passing symptoms . `` [ 11 ] Paur remained at the head of the orchestra until it disbanded in 1910 . 1910–1938 : The New Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra [ edit ] In the interim , concert promoter May Beegle founded the Pittsburgh Orchestra Association to bring other musical performers to the city . [ 12 ] [ 13 ] Antonio Modarelli , an American conductor and composer , became conductor of the Pittsburgh Symphonic Orchestra in 1930 .