Aug. 22-25 Music Director Antony Walker receives 5-year contract extension Pittsburgh Opera celebrates Mary Cardwell Dawson and Black Opera in Pittsburgh Pittsburgh Opera to offer free childcare during La Traviata matinee Pittsburgh Opera announces its 86th Season Pittsburgh Opera announces first of its kind rideshare voucher program Pittsburgh Opera presents both old and new operas this winter Pittsburgh Opera presents beloved favorites , rare gems , and free concerts this fall Pittsburgh Opera announces new Board of Directors President and Members Pittsburgh Opera announces its 2023-24 Resident Artists Pittsburgh Opera 's 2023 Piano Sale is Aug. 24-27 Robert and Christine Pietrandrea commit $ 500,000 to sponsor Pittsburgh Opera productions Pittsburgh Opera presents two modern operas in May during international opera conference Emily Richter a Grand Finals Winner of Metropolitan Opera ’ s Laffont Competition Pittsburgh Opera presents two modern operas in May during international opera conference Close No Events EVENTS ‹ › Today Jump To : Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec MADAMA BUTTERFLY Music by Giacomo Puccini Libretto by Luigi Illica and Giuseppe Giacosa • MARCH 22 , 25 , 28 , 30 , 2025 BUY TICKETS His escape is her cage . In this groundbreaking new production created by an all-Japanese and Japanese American creative team , Madama Butterfly ’ s story is transported to a fantastical realm where reality and dreams intersect . Pinkerton puts on a VR headset and transports us into a vibrant virtual reality playground where he has ultimate control . As his avatar , a U.S. Navy Lieutenant , he can seduce and marry his fantasy girl and abandon her just as easily . But to Cio-Cio San , this is no game and the love and betrayal she feels is all too real . Enveloped in Puccini ’ s stunning music , this visually beautiful production is the perfect match . Pittsburgh Opera is proud to partner with Cincinnati Opera , Detroit Opera , and Utah Opera to co-produce this reinvention of Puccini ’ s classic , uncovering new and resonant meaning for all audiences to enjoy . These performances are sponsored in part by a generous gift from The Galliot Fund . ( photo credit : Philip Groshong , Cincinnati Opera ) ( photo credit : Philip Groshong , Cincinnati Opera ) ( photo credit : Philip Groshong , Cincinnati Opera ) ( photo credit : Philip Groshong , Cincinnati Opera ) ( photo credit : Philip Groshong , Cincinnati Opera ) ( photo credit : Philip Groshong , Cincinnati Opera ) PERFORMANCE DATES/TIMES/LOCATION Where : Benedum Center , at the corner of 7th Street and Penn Ave , downtown Pittsburgh When : Saturday , March 22 , 2025 * 8:00 PM - ~11:00 PM ( approx . end time ) Tuesday , March 25 , 2025 * 7:00 PM - ~10:00 PM ( approx . end time ) Thursday , March 27 , 2025 * 10:15 AM–1:00 PM ( STUDENT MATINEE ) Friday , March 28 , 2025 * 7:30 PM - ~10:30 PM ( approx . end time ) Sunday , March 30 , 2025 * 2:00 PM - ~5:00 PM ( approx . end time ) CAST AND ARTISTIC TEAM Cio-Cio San : Karah Son + Suzuki : Nozomi Kato + B.F. Pinkerton : Eric Taylor + Sharpless : Nmon Ford Goro : Julius Ahn Kate Pinkerton : Audrey Welsh * Prince Yamadori - TBA The Bonze - TBA Yakusidé - TBA The Imperial Commissioner – TBA The Official Registrar - TBA Cio-Cio-San 's mother – TBA The aunt – TBA The cousin – TBA Dolore ( `` Trouble `` ) - TBA Conductor : Antony Walker Revival / Associate Stage Director : Melanie Bacaling+ Set Designer : Kimie Nishikawa Costume Designer : Maiko Matsushima+ Wig and Make-up Designer : James Geier Assistant Wig and Make-up Designer : Candace Leyland Lighting Designer : Yuki Nakase Link ( Re-created by Kristina Kloss ) Stage Manager : Cindy Knight Assistant Conductor : Glenn Lewis Chorus Master : Mark Trawka Associate Coach/Pianist : James Lesniak Resident Artist Pianist : Maeve Berry * Assistant Stage Director : Anderson Nunnelley+ Assistant Stage Director : Dana Kinney * Assistant Stage Managers : Bee Anderson . Tess Naval Original production conceived and directed by Matthew Ozawa + Pittsburgh Opera debut * Pittsburgh Opera Resident Artist * * Pittsburgh Opera Resident Artist alumni SYNOPSIS In the present day , B.F. Pinkerton enters his apartment and dons a VR headset to escape into a fantasy . Within moments , he rejoins a game which transports him to Nagasaki , where he embodies his avatar as a U.S. Navy lieutenant . He inspects a house that he will occupy with his young bride , Cio-Cio- San ( a.k.a . Madame Butterfly ) . Sharpless , the U.S. Consul , arrives , and Pinkerton shares his vision of a sailor in search of pleasure and the beautiful Japanese girl who has captivated him . Sharpless tries to warn him of this view , but Pinkerton laughs , toasting the American girl who will someday be his “ real ” wife . Butterfly , her colleagues , and family arrive for the wedding . She tells Pinkerton that since her father ’ s death , she now earns her living as a geisha . She also has secretly converted to Christianity . The Imperial Commissioner performs the marriage ceremony . Then , Cio-Cio-San ’ s uncle , the Bonze , bursts in . He curses her , inciting the crowd . Protecting Butterfly , Pinkerton orders the guests away . Butterfly weeps and her new husband consoles her . As night falls in this pleasure fantasy , the lovers share a moonlit duet . Three years later , modern-day Pinkerton and his American wife have grown distant . His only means of escape is through gaming , where he can manipulate his Japanese bride ’ s future . In the virtual world , Cio-Cio-San patiently waits for him .