oeuvre is characterized by the integration of extraterrestrial imagery , including aliens , spacecraft , and Sasquatch , into natural environments such as the Colorado Mountains , Niagara Falls , Lake Erie , and Mt . St. Helena . These entities , with whom Bond professes communication , are depicted in tranquil landscapes , symbolizing hope and moral integrity . Another series depicts “ The Rainbow Club , ” Bond 's vision for a utopian social venue that welcomes all beings , transcending barriers of gender , ability , age , and even species . In a fragmented society , Bond 's work envisions a harmonious realm where diversity is not only accepted but celebrated . Bond initially honed her artistic skills and developed her unique aesthetic language through exposure to The Joy of Painting , a groundbreaking instructional television program created by Bob Ross that aired from 1983 to 1994 on PBS . The Joy of Painting democratized access to arts education , including individuals with disabilities . Airing on public television , the show allowed people to learn how to paint from their homes , eliminating both cost barriers and the need for physical attendance in classes . Ross ’ simple , encouraging instruction and adaptive tools and techniques made painting approachable for everyone , regardless of skill level or physical ability . The flexible viewing format and his philosophy of “ no mistakes , only happy accidents ” further promoted creativity and individual expression , breaking down barriers and highlighting the inclusive power of art . Since 2018 , Bond has been a resident artist at VaultArt Studio , a progressive arts organization that supports and promotes the inclusion of artists with disabilities in contemporary art by providing professional-level arts instruction in a supportive studio environment . Bond ’ s affiliation with VaultArt Studio has allowed her to further develop and professionalize her artistic practice , engage with a diverse community of artists , and continue to advocate for inclusivity through her work . Her contributions to the studio and the broader community exemplify her commitment to creating a world where differences are embraced and celebrated . The Science Behind PIXAR May 25 , 2024 - Jan 5 , 2025 Carnegie Science Center 1 Allegheny Ave Pittsburgh , PA 15212 EVENT WEBSITE Dive into the minds of the artists and computer scientists who help bring Pixar ’ s award-winning films to the big screen . Go behind the scenes with The Science Behind Pixar exhibition as you replicate Pixar magic using science , technology , engineering , and math ( STEM ) through more than 50 interactive and hands-on displays . Flex your STEM muscles by taking on fun challenges throughout the two-story , 12,000-square-foot playground : Plus , your selfies are about to get an animated upgrade ! Strike a pose with life size re-creations of Buzz Lightyear from Toy Story , Mike and Sulley from Monsters University , Dory from Finding Nemo , Edna Mode from The Incredibles , and WALL•E from WALL•E . Get ready for a thrilling , interactive , and informative experience with The Science Behind Pixar in Pittsburgh ! Whether you ’ re booking a Pixar field trip , planning a family trip , or revisiting your favorite Pixar movies and characters , you ’ re in for a totally good time . Adventure awaits ! Holiday Lights Tour Nov 29 , 2024 - Jan 1 , 2025 | 5:00 pm - 7:00 pm Walk the Burgh Tours 1049 Penn Ave Pittsburgh , PA 15212 EVENT WEBSITE Enjoy an evening in Downtown Pittsburgh , learning about the history of the city , discovering beautiful squares and pieces of architecture , while getting to see all the festive holiday lights and decorations . Experience the world 's largest pickle ornament , a unique gingerbread house display , a replica of the crèche from Vatican City , and much more ! The grand finale of the tour will be a big Christmas tree surrounded by an ice rink , and last but not least : The central holiday market in town ! Black & Ghost Tour Oct 17 , 2024 - Dec 31 , 2024 | 6:00 pm - 8:00 pm Walk the Burgh Tours 1049 Penn Ave Pittsburgh , PA 15212 EVENT WEBSITE Experience the spookiest of Pittsburgh ’ s Downtown ! Get to see outstanding historic landmarks ( often beautifully lit up in the darker and colder months ) during the quiet evening hours and learn about their history and which spirits lurk in them . Do n't worry about picking up any ghostly travelers ; the entirety of the tour takes place outdoors ! Ready to get chills and be scared by some obscure ghost stories ? If so , click below to see which dates are available for this chilling experience ! - Kids under the age of 6 and dogs welcome on tour with advance notice . Best Of The Burgh Tour Oct 9 , 2024 - Dec 31 , 2024 | 11:00 am - 1:00 pm Walk the Burgh Tours 1049 Penn Avenue Pittsburgh , PA 15212 EVENT WEBSITE Join Walk the Burgh Tours and explore the heart of Downtown in a small group setting with an expert local guide . Walk past and through must-see cultural and historical landmarks as well as iconic buildings ! Discover beautiful squares and fascinating pieces of public art ! Your guide will highlight the Best of the Burgh but also point out unseen details and hidden gems . Walking down major avenues as well as turning into small alleyways will give you a great introduction to the very unique city of Pittsburgh . Beauty of the Burgh Tour Aug 1 , 2024 - Dec 31 , 2024 | 10:00 am - 1:00 pm Bike The Burgh Tours EVENT WEBSITE This tour is perfect if you are new to the city and you would like to see the most interesting spots of Pittsburgh . But if you know the Burgh already , we promise you that you will still find out unknown historical facts !