his films , embracing the unique , handcrafted qualities that became the hallmark of his work . Over the past three years , The Berkely Art Museum and Pacific Film Archive have meticulously transferred and restored a selection of Jacoby 's early films , with support from the Avant-Garde Masters Grants awarded by The Film Foundation and the National Film Preservation Foundation . On view at Wood Street Galleries from October 2024 through January 2025 are Dream Sphinx Opera ( 1973 ) and L ’ Amico Fried ’ s Glamorous Friends ( 1976 ) , which showcase Jacoby 's innovative use of hand-processing techniques to manipulate film emulsion , resulting in striking abstract imagery . These films feature appearances by Sally Dixon and Ondine , along with other members of Pittsburgh 's art and film communities , set against backdrops that include Phipps Conservatory , Carnegie Music Hall , the Carnegie Museum of Natural History , and various domestic spaces , including Jacoby ’ s own apartment on Walnut Street in Shadyside . Also on view will be How to Be a Homosexual Part I ( 1980 ) , in which Jacoby turns his camera on his own community . This film captures intimate portraits of his sister and mother , a deaf friend , and a gay couple from the Gay Activist Alliance , revealing the personal and communal aspects of Jacoby 's work . These films , marked by Jacoby 's characteristic blending of avant-garde techniques and personal narrative , offer a compelling window into the life and artistic vision of a filmmaker whose work remains a vital part of Pittsburgh 's cultural legacy . Art & Artists Tour Jun 1 , 2024 - Dec 28 , 2024 | 4:00 pm - 5:30 pm Walk The Burgh Tours 1049 Penn Ave Pittsburgh , PA 15222 EVENT WEBSITE Our most fun walk ! Journey off the beaten path with us and discover hidden art that is tucked away in our downtown nooks , crannies , and alleys . Our expert guides will dive into the history of the city ’ s Cultural District that is filled with historic theaters and beautiful plazas , and learn about the famous artists , actors , and musicians from our beloved city . You ’ ll also see the best of Pittsburgh ’ s public art : captivating sculptures , light installations , and colorful murals . This is a great tour for photo-ops , and is a wonderful way for families with children to see and interact with the city .