WEBSITE Pittsburgh Musical Theater in collaboration with The Pittsburgh Cultural Trust presents Disney 's Beauty and the Beast . The romantic and beloved fairytale recounts the story of Belle , a young woman in a provincial town , and the Beast , who is really a young prince trapped under the spell of an enchantress . If the Beast can learn to love and be loved , the curse will end and he will be transformed into his former self . But time is running out . If the Beast does not learn his lesson soon , he and his household will be doomed for all eternity . Featuring all of the wonderful songs made famous in the Academy Award-winning animated feature film , along with new ones written for the stage adaptation , the enchantment never ends ! Music by Alan Menken Lyrics by Howard Ashman Tim Rice Book by Linda Woolverton Disney Beauty and the Beast is presented through special arrangement with Music Theatre International ( MTI ) . All authorized performance materials are also supplied by MTI . www.mtishows.com This performance is presented by the young artists of PMT Conservatory in collaboration with the CAPA Orchestra . Tours Visit the Old Allegheny County Jail and Museum Nov 4 , 2024 - Nov 4 , 2024 | 11:30 am - 1:00 pm Old Allegheny County Jail Museum 440 Ross St Pittsburgh , PA 15219 EVENT WEBSITE Open on the first and third Mondays of the month except on Court holidays . Visit at your convenience between 11:30 a.m. and 1:00 p.m . Cost : Free PHLF docents are on hand to tell you the story of the former Allegheny County Jail . Completed in 1886 to the designs of Boston architect H. H. Richardson , it closed on July 27 , 1995 . The building was then renovated between 1995 and 2001 and adapted for a new use as the Family Division of the Allegheny County Court of Common Pleas . Working with the leadership of Allegheny County and with funding from the Drue Heinz Trust , our organization coordinated with the former jail ’ s Deputy Warden Ed Urban and the Allegheny County Juvenile Court to preserve one portion of the cell blocks of the historic jail to create the Old Allegheny County Jail Museum . The Jail Museum , which is located in Downtown— at 440 Ross Street , Pittsburgh , PA 15219— opened in 2005 . To access the Museum : Enter the Family Court building through the main entrance on Ross Street . You will then be processed through a security checkpoint . The use of cameras is NOT permitted . For further information––or to double-check that the Jail Museum will be open on a particular Monday , contact Mary Lu Denny : at marylu @ phlf.org or call 412-471-5808 , ext . 527 . Pennsylvania Bridal & Wedding Expo Nov 3 , 2024 - Nov 3 , 2024 David L. Lawrence Convention Center 1000 Fort Dusquene Boulevard Pittsburgh , PA 15222 Build On Nov 2 , 2024 - Nov 3 , 2024 David L. Lawrence Convention Center 1000 Fort Dusquene Boulevard Pittsburgh , PA 15222 & Juliet Oct 29 , 2024 - Nov 3 , 2024 Benedum Center 7th St and Penn Ave Pittsburgh , PA 15222 EVENT WEBSITE & Juliet asks : what would happen next if Juliet didn ’ t end it all over Romeo ? Get whisked away on a fabulous journey as she ditches her famous ending for a fresh beginning and a second chance at life and love—her way . Juliet ’ s new story bursts to life through a playlist of pop anthems as iconic as her name , including `` Since U Been Gone‚ `` `` Roar , `` `` Baby One More Time , `` `` Larger Than Life‚ `` `` That ’ s The Way It Is , “ and `` Ca n't Stop the Feeling ! `` —all from the genius songwriter/producer behind more # 1 hits than any other artist this century . Break free of the balcony scene and get into this romantic comedy that proves there ’ s life after Romeo . The only thing tragic would be missing it . The Hobbit Oct 23 , 2024 - Nov 10 , 2024 O'Reilly Theater 621 Penn Ave Pittsburgh , PA 15222 EVENT WEBSITE THE FABLED FANTASY BECOMES REALITY In this all-ages adventure , J.R.R . Tolkien ’ s magical Middle Earth transitions from page to stage in spellbinding fashion . An unexpected journey awaits homebody Bilbo Baggins , his BFF Gandalf , a new guy named Thorin , and anyone brave enough to join them . What starts as a Dungeons and Dragons tabletop game between friends quickly escalates into a collective fever dream as the group overcomes obstacles ranging from monstrous goblins to the fearsome dragon Smaug and form a bond for the ages . This epic trek , reimagined through the whimsical lens of playwright Greg Banks ( Public 's Unplugged Robin Hood ) and featuring puppets designed by Resident Artists Matt Acheson ( Broadway ’ s War Horse Puppetry Director ) and Jamie Agnello , is a treasure hunt sure to make families want to go there and back again . This show is rated PG and is recommended for ages 7+ . This show contains characters that go on perilous adventures , scary imagery , death and destruction of mythical towns , and moments of magic and imagination . Presented by the M. Patrick Daniels Fund of The Pittsburgh Foundation Miguel Muñoz in What is Magic for You ? Oct 2 , 2024 - Nov 3 , 2024 Liberty Magic 811 Liberty Ave Pittsburgh , PA 15222 EVENT WEBSITE Miguel Muñoz , World Champion of Magic brings us an intimate and magical show where the surprise , the impossible , the poetry and the absurd will be present at all times . We enter the magical world of Miguel Muñoz to get closer to the answer to this question : What is magic for you ?