group- you can purchase the day of OR pre purchase during check out . ( NO CASH ON BOARD – Credit/Debit cards , Google Pay and Apple Pay accepted ) This cruise features DJ Entertainment , brief narration , and the most beautiful city skyline in the USA ! Click the “ Book Now ” button to purchase tickets , appetizers , souvenirs and more . We suggest Dressy Casual Attire- Click here for details ! Comedy Bus Tour Jul 5 , 2024 - Nov 22 , 2024 | 8:00 pm - 9:30 pm Penn Ave ( between 10th St & 11th St ) 1027 Penn Ave Pittsburgh , PA 15222 EVENT WEBSITE Duration Approximately 90 Minutes ( includes bathroom break ) Please arrive 15 minutes before your scheduled start time . The bus will depart on time , so please plan accordingly ! No refund or credit provided if you miss the bus . About Explore the Steel City like never before ! Hop aboard and experience Pittsburgh 's one and only transportainment bus . Join us for these weekly , one-of-a-kind rides hosted by local comedians . No two shows are alike and crowd participation is encouraged . It 's the perfect blend of laughter , fun and celebration . Every tour will feature games , shenanigans , music , and surprises . Whether you are visiting Pittsburgh for the first time or you 're a lifelong yinzer , a trip on The Burgh Bus is an experience like no other . This is not your average bus… so bring your smiles , good vibes and enjoy the ride ! It 's guaranteed to be a party ? ? Available for private tours , party bus rentals and shuttle services ! PLEASE NOTE : The evening rides are for ages 21+ only and the content is R-Rated . Passengers will be asked to provide a valid ID upon boarding . No refunds will be issued if you are underage or fail to bring proof of age . Boarding Location 1027 Penn Ave ( near Jimmy John 's ) Pittsburgh , PA 15222 You will board the bus in downtown Pittsburgh on Penn Ave ( at 10th St intersection ) , by the convention center . What to Bring ? BYOB + Valid ID Coolers are allowed if they can easily fit on your lap or under the seat Cash for tips ( the host and driver will definitely appreciate it ! ) What NOT to Bring ? No food If you BYOB… no glass ! No smoking of any kind No noisemakers Haunted Pittsburgh Ghost Tour Jun 1 , 2024 - Nov 2 , 2024 | 7:00 pm - 9:00 pm Downtown Pittsburgh 414 Grant St Pittsburgh , PA 15219 EVENT WEBSITE Pittsburgh has a North Side and a South Side -- we take you to its dark side . We visit the sites of Pittsburgh 's greatest encounters with the unexplained and tell you the stories associated with them . We know where all the bodies are buried . We 'll take you as close to as many haunted sites as we can within the time allotted for the tour and regale you with Pittsburgh 's greatest ghost stories . There are no public restrooms on our route . Tours run rain or shine .