the tax to the City of Pittsburgh . To this end , Producers shall file monthly reports with the City Treasurer on or before the fifteenth day of the following month , reporting the preceding month on forms provided by the Treasurer ( Pittsburgh Cod e 241.05 ) . If any Producer neglects or fails to comply a penalty of five ( 5 ) percent of the amount of tax will be added to the liability each month . The interest rate for late payments will be one ( 1 % ) per month ( Pittsburgh Code 241.05 ) . e. Producers of temporary places of amusement shall file reports after each performance ( Pittsburgh Code 241.05 ( e ) . An amusement permit is required prior to beginning or conducting any form of amusement at any place , temporary or permanent . 11 SECTION 202 – WHO MUST FILE A RETURN – REGISTRATION a . The City Code , Title Two , Article VII , Chapter 241 imposes a tax on the admissions to any place of amusement . The Producer is responsible to collect the amusement tax and remit it to the City of Pittsburgh . b . Every Producer of amusement that begins or intends to begin a place of amusement , shall file with the Treasurer , before commencing the place of amusement a completed registration form prescribed by the Treasurer and shall set forth therein its name , address , business location , the amusement , a record of tickets , leases , and contracts that are to be used and a specimen copy of each and any other information as may be required by the Treasurer . c. Performing Arts Registration – if a Producer is claiming to be a Performing Art for which the net proceeds therefrom inure exclusively to the benefit of an Institution of Purely Public Charity it shall complete a Performing Arts Registration Form and attach all required information . ( See definition of Performing Arts and Section 203 ( c ) , Rate for Certain Performing Arts before completing the registration ) . SECTION 203 – RATE a . The Amusement Tax is a patron tax on the established price of an admissions charge for any type of event that offers entertainment or allows the patron to engage in an amusement . b . GENERAL RATE – a tax is imposed by Chapter 241 upon the patron of any amusement for the privilege of attending or engaging in any amusement at the rate of five ( 5 % ) percent of the established price charged the general public or a limited or selected group thereof , by any Producer for the privilege , which shall be paid by the person acquiring the privilege for any given calendar year . c. RATE FOR EXEMPT PERFORMING ARTS PRODUCTIONS – The rate of tax that must be collected on Exempt Performing Arts Productions is zero . If it is ever determined that the City of Pittsburgh can not impose and collect a Non-Resident Sports Facility Usage Fee pursuant to the Local Tax Enabling Act , the City of Pittsburgh will not establish a rate that exceeds five per centum ( 5 % ) . Refer to the Tax Rate by Tax Type on the web site at www.city.pittsburgh.pa.us/finance . Second Class Code , 16 P.S . § 6171 -B ( a ) ( 3 ) . TAX COMPUTATIONS FOR FREE ADMISSIONS – if persons are admitted free to any place of amusement at a time and under circumstances for which an established price is charged to other persons , the tax imposed herein shall be computed on the established price charged to other persons for the same or similar accommodations , to be paid by the person so admitted . If persons are admitted at a reduced rate , the tax imposed shall be computed on the reduced rate paid . However , children under twelve ( 12 ) years of age , disabled veterans and members of the armed services when on active duty and in uniform , who are admitted free of charge to any place of amusement , shall not be required to pay the tax imposed by this Chapter . d. TAX ON BOXES OR OTHER SEATING – for persons having the permanent use or lease of boxes or seats in any place of amusement , the tax imposed shall be computed on the price or rental charged for boxes or seats in the place of 12 amusement , the tax to be paid by the holder or lessee . ( Am . Ord . 33 -1994 , eff . 1 -1- 95 ) e. ROOF GARDENS , NIGHT CLUBS , CABARETS , BARS , BREWERIES , RESTAURANTS 1 . Where any amusement ( entertainment ) is conducted at a place where food and drink are served and there is no fixed charge for admission , the Amusement Tax will be based on 10 % of the total amount paid for food and drink . For example , if a check for food and drink by a party of four amounts to $ 80.00 , the admission charge is 10 % of the total check , or $ 8.00 . $ 8.00 admission charge X 5 % = $ .40 Amusement Tax . 2 . If a cover is required , such charge shall be considered as the regular established price paid for admission and is taxable as such . If a total bill exceeds the cover charge , the total charge is taxable if it in fact represents a charge for admission . If the same charge is made to the person using or furnishing his own property or equipment as where property or equipment is furnished by the management , such charge is an amount paid for admission and subject to tax . If a lesser charge is made to persons who do not desire to use the property or services offered , the lesser charge represents the admission charge . 3 .