submitted w ithin the timelines of Section 604 ( a ) shall be eligible for refund . d. No refund shall be allowed to the Producer unless the Producer provides proof to the Department of Finance that the Amusement Tax was refunded to the patron , unless the Producer provides p roof to the Department of Finance that no patron overpaid the 25 tax and the refund is due to a computational error made by the Producer in preparing the return . e. Erroneous Refund Recovery – The Treasurer may sue for recovery of an erroneous refund provided such suit is begun two years after making such refund , except that the suit may be brought within five years if any part of the refund was induced by fraud or misrepresentation of material fact . SECTION 605 – INSTALLMENT PAYMENT PLAN FOR ANY DEFICIENCY In the appropriate circumstances , the Treasurer will enter an installment payment plan and defer further collection action , if the Producer or Responsible Person enters into a written agreement with the Treasurer . The Treasurer will approve installment pa yment plans only if such a plan is in the best interests of the City . The Producer or Responsible Person must specifically request the installment payment plan from the Treasurer . For the required terms of any installment plan See , Second Class City Trea surer ’ s Sale and Collection Act , 53 P.S . § 27207 and Local Taxpayer Bill of Rights , 53 Pa.C.S . § 8436 . If the Producer or Responsible Person fails to abide by the terms of the installment payment plan , the Treasurer may demand immediate payment of tax , pe nalty , and interest . 26 ARTICLE VII : SAVINGS AND SEVERABILITY AND DISCLOSURES SECTION 701 – SAVINGS CLAUSE AND SEVERABILITY . If a final decision of a court of competent jurisdiction holds any provision of these regulations , or the application of any provision to any circumstances , to be illegal or unconstitutional , the other provisions in these regulations , or the application of such provision to other circumstances , shall remain in full force and effect . The intent of the Treasurer is that the provisions of these regulations shall be severable and that they would have been adopted if any such illegal or unconstitutional provisions had not been included herein . SECTION 702 – DISCLOSURE STATEMENT A copy of the Taxpayer Bill of Rights can be requested in writing at the address below or downloaded at http : //apps.pittsburghpa.gov/finance/10_taxpayers_bill_of_rights.pdf TREASURER , CITY OF PITTSBURGH AUDIT SECTION 414 GRANT ST RM 206 PITTSBURGH PA 15219 -2476