place of amusement . The location does not have to be owned or licensed to the Producer to be a place of amusement . The common phrases used to describe an amusement and a place of 7 amusement change over time , but that change in common parlance does not affect the taxability of the amusement . Specifically included within the term of “ places of amusement ” are : cabarets , night clubs , roof gardens , lounges , entertainment stages , music or dancing halls , ball rooms , or other locations offering food or beverages or merchandise along with entertainment or recreation , as well as other loc ations that were taxable under Section 4231 of the US Internal Revenue Code of 1954 ( ignoring any exemptions or exclusions offered under that federal statute ) as it was in effect immediately prior to its repeal by Public Law 89 - 44 in 1965 . PRODUCER – any person conducting any place of amusement , as herein defined , where the general public or a limited or selected number thereof , may , upon the payment of an established price , attend or engage in any amusement . RESPONSIBLE PERSON – any natural person : ( i ) who has check signing authority or control over financial accounts of the Producer ; ( ii ) who has powers or job duties that include the collection or remittance of the Amusement Tax ; ( iii ) who has the power to make decisions regarding which , when , and in wh at order outstanding debts and taxes will be paid ; and ( iv ) who willfully fails to remit the proper Amusement Tax to the City . Any such person who decides that the Producer will pay another party ahead of the City , while the Amusement Tax has not be en tim ely remitted , is presumed to have acted willfully . Any such person who has a nominal title of officer or director or manager or member , but is actually a passive investor or official having no involvement in the management of the Producer shall not be a Responsible Person . Generally officers or managers of an incorporated Producer or managers , directors , officers , or sole owners of an unincorporated Producer are potential ly Responsible Persons . Any Responsible Person shall have the right to appeal an ass essment under Article VI . TAXPAYER – Because the tax is imposed on the patron , the patron is the taxpayer . The Producer is merely the collection agent for the City . TEMPORARY AMUSEMENT – any amusement that is conducted in the City for a period of time not exceeding thirty ( 30 ) days . ( Ord.15 -1979 , eff . 5-29-79 ) TREASURER – references to the Treasurer in these regulations refer to the Director of Finance or the Department of Finance . The Director holds principal responsibility for tax administration in the City of Pittsburgh . The Deputy Director of Finance or the Department of Finance serves as City Treasurer . SECTION 102 – AMUSEMENT TAX PERMIT 1 . Per City Code Title Seven , Article IX , Chapter 771 , in addition to the collection and payment of the Amusement Tax , every Producer must secure an Amusement Tax Permit from the License Officer prior to the event . The fee varies according to the location and type of event being held . No Producer shall begin or continue to conduct any form of amusement at any permanent or temporary place of amusement , or any itinerant form of amusement within the City , unless an amusement permit has been issued , the fees paid therefore as prescribed by law and the tax herein imposed paid in accordance with law . 2 . MORE THAN ONE ( 1 ) BUSINESS LOCATION – if the applicant has or intends to have more than one ( 1 ) place of amusement within the City , the application must 8 indicate the location of each place of amusement and , in the case of an itinerant form of amusement , the date and length of time the amusement is to be conducted at each place . TEMPORARY PLACE OF AMUSEMENT – in the case of an application for a permit for a temporary place of amusement , the application shall state the name and address of the owner , lessee or custodian of the premises upon which such amusement is to be conducted . ASSOCIATIONS OR CORPORATIONS – if the applicant is an association or a corporation the names and addresses of the principal officers thereof and any other information prescribed by the Treasurer for purposes of identification shall be stated . SIGNATURES REQUIRED – the application shall be signed and verified by oath or affirmation by the Producer if a natural person , and in the case of an association by a member or partner thereof , and in the case of a corporation by an executive officer thereof , or some natural person specifically authorized by the corporation to sign the application , to which shall be attached the written evidence of his or her authority . ISSUANCE AND USE – upon approval of the application and payment of the fees required by law , the Treasurer shall issue to each applicant an amusement permit for each place of amusement within the City set forth in his or her application . Amusement permits shall not be assignable , shall be valid only for the persons in whose names issued and for the conduct of amusements at the places designated therein , and shall at all times be conspicuously displayed at the places for which issued . PERMIT SUSPENSION – the Treasurer may suspend or after hearing revoke an amusement permit whenever he or she finds the permittee has failed to comply with any of the provisions of Title Two , Art icle VII , Chapter 241 of the Code .