accrual of penalty and interest from the date the tax was due to the date it is act ually paid . Section 603 . – Payment Under Protest The Treasurer will accept payments of disputed tax amounts under protest pending appeals ; however , any request for refund of such monies must be filed in accordance with Section 604 . Section 604 . — Refunds . ( a ) A Taxpayer who has overpaid the Privilege Tax , or who believes he/she is not obligated to remit the Privilege Tax may file a written request on an amended tax return with the Department of Finance for a refund or a credit of the tax . A request for refund or a credit shall be made within three ( 3 ) years of the due date for filing the report or one ( 1 ) year after actual payment of the tax , whichever is later . If no report is required , the request shall be made within three ( 3 ) years after the due date for payment of the tax or within one ( 1 ) year after actual payment of the tax , whichever is later . ( b ) For amounts paid as a result of a notice asserting or informing a Taxpayer of an underpayment , a written request for a refund shall be filed with the Department of Finance within one ( 1 ) year of the date of the payment . ( c ) Every person or institution who ceases to carry on services during any tax year after having paid the Institution and Service Privilege Tax for the entire year shall , upon making proper application to the Treasurer , be entitled to receive entitled to receive a refund of the prorate amount of the tax paid based upon the period of time he was not in service during the license year . In the event that a person who discontinues services during any tax yea r does so before payment of its tax becomes due for such tax year , it shall be permitted to apportion its tax for such tax year and shall pay an amount to be computed by multiplying its gross receipts for the preceding full calendar year by a fraction whos e numerator shall be the number of months such person or institution was in service during the tax year and whose denominator shall be twelve ( 12 ) . Section 605 . – Installment Payment Plan For Any Deficiency In the appropriate circumstances , the Treasurer will enter an installment payment plan and defer further collection action , if the Taxpayer enters into a written agreement with the Treasurer . The Treasurer will approve installment payment plans only if suc h a plan is in the best interests of the City . The Taxpayer must specifically request the installment payment plan from the Treasurer . For the required terms of any installment plan See , Second Class City Treasurer ’ s Sale and Collection Act , 53 P.S . § 2720 7 and Local Taxpayer Bill of Rights , 53 Pa.C.S . § 8436 . If the Taxpayer fails to abide by the terms of the installment payment plan , the Treasurer may demand immediate payment of tax , penalty , and interest . -19- ARTICLE VII SAVINGS CLAUSE AND SEVERAB ILITY Section 701 . – Savings Clause and Severability . If a final decision of a court of competent jurisdiction holds any provision of these regulations , or the application of any provision to any circumstances , to be illegal or unconstitutional , the other provisions in these regulations , or the application of such provision to other circumstances , shall remain in full force and effect . The intent of the Treasurer is that the provisions of these regulations shall be severable and that they would have been a dopted if any such illegal or unconstitutional provisions had not been included herein . Section 702 . – Disclosure Statement A copy of the Taxpayer Bill of Rights can be requested in writing at the address below or downloaded at http : //apps.pittsburghpa.gov/finance/10_taxpayers_bill_of_rights.pdf TREASURER , CITY OF PITTSBURGH AUDIT SECTION 414 GRANT ST RM 206 PITTSBURGH PA 15219 -2476