unincorporated association that is not a “ person . ” ( g ) “ Tax ” – means the Institution and Service Privilege imposed by Title Two , Article VII , Chapter 247 of the City of Pittsburgh Code of Ordinances . ( h ) `` Tax Year ” - the twel ve-month period from January 1 to December 31 . ( i ) “ Taxpayer ” includes any person or Institution subject to the Privilege Tax that is not an E xempt Institution or any entity or unincorporated association that is not a “ person . ” ( j ) `` Treasurer `` - the Treasurer of the City of Pittsburgh . Section 102 . — Who must file a return . ( a ) Every person or Taxable Institution engaging in a non -profit Service in the City of Pittsburgh . ( b ) Every person or Taxable Institution subject to the tax imposed by Ordinance shall forthwith register with the Treasurer and set forth the name , address and nature of the service activity in which it is engaged and shall obtain the license required by Section 247.05 of the Pittsburgh Code of Ordinances . -9-Section 103.—Tax Base . The gross receipts o f every person engaged in any institution or non -profit Service in the City of Pittsburgh . Specifically excluded from tax are Exempt Receipts . Section 104.—What Constitutes Rendering Services in Pittsburgh . ( a ) Whether or not a person carries on a taxable activity within the meaning of the Institution and Service Privilege Tax is essentially a question of fact . In general , taxable activity includes any activity by a person or institution engaging in a Service for which a charge is made . ( b ) A person or Institution who engages in a taxable activity in Pittsburgh , is subject to this tax , whether he is a resident or whether he has a permanent location in Pittsburgh . Section 105 . – Receipts from Governmental Agenc ies and Non-Profit Organization s. ( a ) Receipts from sales made or Services rendered to all government bodies , including authorities , and to religious , charitable and educational corporations and associations shall not be excluded from the tax base . Receipts from thi rd party payments made by government agencies for Services rendered to others shall be included in the tax base . ( b ) Notwithstanding the above , Exempt Receipts and receipts of Exempt Institutions are excluded from the tax base . Section 106 . – References to Federal Statutes All references in these regulations to federal statutes are intended to include references to federal statutes in effect on January 1 , 20 20 , without regard to any later amendment or repeal . -10-ARTICLE II RETURNS Sectio n 201 . — Filin g Return . ( a ) Excep t as to new busine ss , bot h the tax retu rn an d paymen t of the tax are du e on April 15t h of eve ry year . ( b ) Forms may be obtained from the City Treasurer , City-County Building , Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania 15219 . Failure to receive the forms will not excuse a taxpayer for failure to file his return . ( c ) The return must be file d with th e City Treasu rer , City-Coun ty Building , Pittsburgh , Pennsylvan ia 15219 . ( d ) If the taxpayer is an individual , he shall sign the return . If the taxpayer is a corporation or unincorporated entity , a Director , President , Trustee or Officer may sign the return . ( e ) If a taxpayer maintains more than one location in Pittsburgh , he is required to file only one ( 1 ) return and may include therein the receipts from transactions occurring in all his locations in Pittsburgh . Where one ( 1 ) return covers more than one ( 1 ) location , a schedule shall be attached to the return showing the various locations at which the taxpayer conducts business in Pittsburgh . Sectio n 202 . — Paymen t of Tax . Payment of tax may be made in cash , or by check or money order drawn to the order of the Treasurer of the City of Pittsburgh . Cash payments must be made only to a cashier in the Department of Treasurer , City-County Building , Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania . Sectio n 203.—Tax Rate . The rate of tax is six ( 6 ) mills on each dollar of annual receipts . ( Six mills equals $ 6.00 per $ 1,000 or 6/10 of 1 % ) . In no event may the rate of tax on proprietors of restaurants and other places where food , drink and refreshments are served exceed two ( 2 ) mills on each dollar of annual receipts . 53 P.S . § 6924.311 ( 2 ) . ( Two mills equals $ 2.00 per $ 1,000 or 2/10 of 1 % ) . Section 204 . – Penalties and Interest . If the tax is not paid when due , interest at the rate of one percent ( 1 % ) per month shall be added to the amount of the tax . In addition , a penalty of one-half of one percent ( 0.5 % ) of the amount of the unpaid tax or each month or fraction thereof , during which the tax remains unpaid , shall be added and collected . -11-ARTICLE III TAXABILITY Section 301.—Period Used in Calculating the Tax . ( a ) The tax is measured by the amount of service transacted by the Taxpayer or Institution during the entire receding calendar year , except for those taxpayers : ( 1 ) who were not in service during the whole of the preceding calendar year , or ( 2 ) who began services during the current calendar year , or ( 3 ) whose service is temporary , seasonal or itinerant .