Five Hundred Dollars ( $ 500.00 ) , or to undergo imprisonm ent for not more than thirty ( 30 ) days . ( c ) Whoever willfully fails or refuses to file a return required by the Instit ution and Service Privilege Tax Ordinance , shall , upon summary conviction thereof , be sentenced to pay a fine of not more than Five Hundred Dollars ( $ 500.00 ) , or undergo imprisonment for not more than thirty ( 30 ) days . Section 504 . – Remedies Not Mutually Exclusive The remedies provided in this Article are not mutually exclusive . The utilization by the Treasurer of one remedy does n ot preclude utilization of the other . Moreover , use of either or both of the remedies provided in these Sections does not preclude the use by the City of Pittsburgh of any other legal or administrative procedure which can bring about compliance by the Taxp ayer with the provisions of Chapter 241 of the Pittsburgh Code and these regulations . Once it has been determined that that a Taxpayer owes a tax , the Treasurer will take all actions legally permitted to enforce its claim . Such action may include obtaining additional information , auditing Taxpayer records , entering into a settlement of the disputed amount of the tax , or obtaining liens on the Taxpayer ’ s property , wage attachments , levies , and seizures and sales of the Taxpayer ’ s property in appropriate circumstances . The Treasurer may enter into a written agreement with the Taxpayer for payment of the tax in installments if the Treasurer believes that such an agreement will facilitate collection . The Treasurer may also impose interest and applicable penaltie s on the tax due , and may seek criminal charges in appropriate circumstances . -17- ARTICLE VI TAXPAYER REMEDIES Section 601 . – Treasurer ( Director ) Hearings ( a ) Any taxpayer aggrieved by an assessment by the Treasurer shall , within ninety ( 90 ) days after the date of notice of the assessment , request a Treasurer ’ s Hearing on a form obtained from the Treasurer for that purpose . 53 Pa.C.S . § 8431 . The Treasurer may o n his/her own initiative cite a Taxpayer for a hearing . ( b ) Any taxpayer who fails to request a Treasurer ’ s Hearing within a timely manner , waives the right to contest any element of the assessment , and that party ’ s failure to challenge the Treasurer ’ s adjudication will be construed as an admission by that party as to the propriety of the assessment . ( c ) The written petition for reassessment shall contain at minimum : 1 . The petitioner ’ s name , address , and daytime telephone number . 2 . The petitioner ’ s account and/ or social security number . 3 . A copy of the assessment notice the party received from the Finance Department . 4 . A detailed explanation consisting of the reason or reasons the petitioner disagrees with the assessment and any documentation necessary to support the petitioner ’ s claims . 5 . Petitioner ’ s signature . ( d ) The completed petition should be mailed to : TREASURER HEARINGS TREASURER – CITY OF PITTSBURGH 414 GRANT ST PITTSBURGH PA 15219 -2476 ( e ) Any taxpayer may request a Treasurer ’ s Hearing so that his tax refund request can be reviewed . ( f ) The Treasurer will abate any penalties and interest only in accordance with 53 Pa.C.S . § 8428 . ( g ) The Treasurer will issue its decision within 60 days of the receipt of the petitioner ’ s complete and accurate petition form . Section 602 . – Appeals Any person aggrieved by the decision of the Treasurer , following a hearing , shall have the right to make an appeal to the Court of Common Pleas of Allegheny County , in accordance with the Taxpayer ’ s Bill of Rights Act . 53 Pa.C.S . § 8434 . Any appeal must be commenced within thirty ( 30 ) days of the date of the notice of the Treasurer ’ s decision . If no such appeal is timely filed , the aggrieved party waives his/her right to contest any element of the Treasurer ’ s adjudication , and that party ’ s fai lure to challenge -18- the same will be construed as an admission by that party as to the propriety of the Treasurer ’ s decision . No hearing or appeal will operate to suspend the accrual of penalty and interest from the date the tax was due to the date it is act ually paid . Section 603 . – Payment Under Protest The Treasurer will accept payments of disputed tax amounts under protest pending appeals ; however , any request for refund of such monies must be filed in accordance with Section 604 . Section 604 . — Refunds . ( a ) A Taxpayer who has overpaid the Privilege Tax , or who believes he/she is not obligated to remit the Privilege Tax may file a written request on an amended tax return with the Department of Finance for a refund or a credit of the tax . A request for refund or a credit shall be made within three ( 3 ) years of the due date for filing the report or one ( 1 ) year after actual payment of the tax , whichever is later . If no report is required , the request shall be made within three ( 3 ) years after the due date for payment of the tax or within one ( 1 ) year after actual payment of the tax , whichever is later .