liability , and this would be deducted from one paycheck . 7 . An employee has 2 jobs and both are part time . Both started at the beginning of January . Job # 1 is in the City and pays the employee $ 1,000 a month . Job # 2 is in Municipality “ A ” and paid the taxpayer $ 500 . Where should the tax be paid ? ANSWER : Since both jobs started at the same time , the job that pays the employee the most should be considered his principal job and in this case it would be the City . The LST shoul d be paid to the City . The employee should file an exemption certificate with Municipality “ A ” or proof that his principal employer is located in the City . 8 . On January 1 , an employee worked for an employer in Municipality “ A ” and paid $ 10 . In June the emplo yee started a new job in the City and will make over $ 12,000 at this job . Is the employer required to withhold the LST from the employee ? ANSWER : Yes . The employer must still withhold $ 42 ( $ 52 less $ 10 previously paid ) if the employee provides proof that the $ 10 was paid to Municipality “ A ” . Then the employer must pro -rate the $ 42 based on the remaining payroll periods . SECOND OPTION : The employer at his option may also deduct a lump sum equal to the prior periods that were missed . This payroll deduction should also include the current payroll deduction that he and his co -workers are liable for . For example , if he is paid once a week , he would add $ 1 to his lump sum prior liability , and this would be deducted from one p aycheck . 9 . An employee files his exemption certificate late . The employer has already withheld $ 52 . Can the employee apply for a refund ? ANSWER : Yes . The employee should request the refund from the employer . It is permissible and recommended that his employe r refund the current year LST and make an adjustment for their next quarterly remittance to the City for the current year . If the employer does not refund the LST , the employee can apply for a refund from the City after the employer ’ s fourth quarter paymen t and summary form is filed at the end of January of the following year ( see Section 301 ( j ) ) . The City is not required to pay interest until 75 days after the fourth quarter or when the taxpayer files for a refund , whichever is later . -7- 10 . Employe e works 4 months in the City and earns $ 20,000 . His employer is located outside the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania . Is the employee required to pay the $ 52 LST ? ANSWER : Yes . 11 . Is a self -employed person or a partner who has an office in the City or who works out of his home located in the City subject to the LST ? ANSWER : Yes . A self -employed person or partner is subject to the $ 52 LST . The tax may be prorated and paid quarterly . ARTICLE III COLLECTION AT SOUR CE SECTION 301 – COLLECTION THROUGH EMPLOYERS a . Every employer not registered with the City shall , within 15 days after first becoming an employer , register with the City the employer ’ s name , address and such other information as the City may require . b . All em ployers and self -employed individuals are required to collect the Local Services Tax from all employees engaged in an occupation within the City , unless the employee files an Exemption certificate with the employer . Exemption certificates must indicate a basis for exemption and must be retained for 3 years . c. Employers are required to remit the Local Services Tax within thirty ( 30 ) days after the end of each quarter of a calendar year . For purposes of this tax , sole proprietors and partners shall be deemed to be employees . WHEN TO FILE AND PAY – The employer shall file a return of taxes deducted for each three -month period ( quarter ) on or before the last day of the month following each three - month period . FIRST QUARTER ( 03 ) : January 1 thru March 31 ( due April 30 ) SECOND QUARTER ( 06 ) : April 1 thru June 30 ( due July 31 ) THIRD QUARTER ( 09 ) : July 1 thru September 30 ( due October 31 ) FOURTH QUARTER ( 12 ) : October 1 thru December 31 ( due January 31 ) d. Any employer , who discontinues business or ceases operation before December 31 of the current tax year , shall within fifteen ( 15 ) days after discontinuing business or ceasing operation , file the return hereinabove required and pay the tax to the Treasurer . e. The failure of any employer to deduct the tax shall not relieve the employee from the duty to file a return and pay the tax . The employee must first contact the City of Pittsburgh Finance Department at 412-255-2510 then file an LS -3 form . No employer shall be held liable for failure to withhold the Local Services Tax to a political subdivision if the failure to withhold taxes arises from incorrect information submitted by the employee as to the employee ’ s place or places of employmen t. Any employer who fails to deduct the tax as required by this section , or who fails to pay the tax to the Treasurer , shall be liable for such tax in full .