nity for such examinations and investigations , as are hereby authorized . b . If records are not available in the City to support the returns which were filed or which should have been filed , the taxpayer will be required to make them available to the Treasurer either by producing them in a City location or by paying for the expense s incurred by the Treasurer in traveling to the place where the records are regularly kept . c. A taxpayer or employer has 30 days from the mailing date to respond to written requests for information from the City or its agents , unless an extension of time is granted in accordance with 53 Pa.C.S . § 8424. d. Any information gained by the Treasurer , by designated agents , or by any other official or agent of the City , as a result of any declarations , returns , investigations , hearings or verifications required or auth orized by the Code , shall be confidential except for official purposes , and shall not be released except in accordance with a proper judicial order , or as otherwise provided by law . 53 Pa.C.S . § 8437 . SECTION 403 – RECORDS TO BE KEPT BY THE EMPLOYER Emplo yers are required to keep such records , including exemption certificates , which will enable the filing of true and accurate returns of the Local Services Tax ( LS -1 and LS -3 ) . Such records shall be preserved for a period of not less than three ( 3 ) years fro m the filing date or due date , whichever is later , in order to enable the Treasurer or any designated agent to verify the correctness of the declarations or returns filed . SECTION 404 - AUDITS If , as a result of an examination conducted by the Treasurer , a return is found to be incorrect , the Treasurer is authorized to assess and collect any underpayments of the Local Services Tax . If no return has been filed and a tax is found to be due , the tax actually due may be assessed and collected with or without the formality of obtaining a return from the taxpayer . Deficiency assessments ( i.e . , where taxpayer has filed a return in good faith but is found to owe additional tax ) shall include taxes for three ( 3 ) years prior to the date when the deficiency is assess ed . Where no return was filed , there shall be no limit to the period of assessment . Any assessment will be issued in accordance with 53 Pa.C.S . § 8427 -11- ARTICLE V SUITS FOR TAX COLLECTIONS , VIOLATIONS , FINES , INTEREST & PENALTIES SECTION 501 – REMEDIES NOT MUTUALLY EXCLUSIVE The remedies provided in Section 502 or Section 505 are not mutually exclusive . The utilization by the Treasurer of one remedy does not preclude utilization of the other . Moreover , use of either or both of the remedies provided in these Sections does not preclude the use by the City of any other legal or administrative procedure whic h can bring about compliance by the taxpayer with the provisions of Chapter 252 of the Code . SECTION 502 – SUITS FOR RECOVERY OF UNPAID TAXES The Treasurer may sue in the name of the City , in law or in equity , for the recovery of those taxes due and unpaid under the provisions of the Local Services Tax , to compel the production of records or to enforce any other provisions of the Code , Title II , Article I , Chapter 211 . Once it has been determined that that a taxpayer owes a tax , the Treasurer will take all actions legally permitted to enforce its claim . Such action may include obtaining additional information , auditing taxpayer records , entering into a settlement of the disputed amount of the tax , or obtaining liens on the taxpayer ’ s property , wage attachmen ts , levies , and seizures and sales of the taxpayer ’ s property in appropriate circumstances . The Treasurer may enter into a written agreement with the taxpayer for payment of the tax in installments if the Treasurer believes that such an agreement will faci litate collection . The Treasurer may also impose interest and applicable penalties on the tax due , and may seek criminal charges in appropriate circumstances . See , Local Tax Enabling Act , 53 P.S . § 6924.702 . SECTION 503 - LIMITATIONS a . The following periods of limitations shall apply to suits for collection of taxes . 1 . Where a return was filed but no tax paid , any suit brought to recover the tax due and unpaid shall begin within three ( 3 ) years after the return was due or filed , whichever is later . 2 . In the case of a deficiency assessment , within three ( 3 ) years after the assessment has been made . b . The limitations set forth in paragraph ( a ) should not prevent the institution of a suit for the collection of any tax due or determined to be due in the following cases : 1 . When no return was filed , there is no limitation . 2 . When the return is fraudulent , there is no limitation . 3 . When there is an understatement of tax liability of twenty -five percent ( 25 % ) or more , and not due to fraud , suit must begin within six ( 6 ) years . c. Deficiency assessments ( i.e . , where taxpayer has filed a return in good faith but is found to owe additional tax ) shall include taxes for three ( 3 ) years prior to the date when the deficiency is assessed . Where no return was filed , there shall be no limit to the period of assessment . A return filed before the due date is deemed to be filed on the due date