operator is registered to do business and at the beginning of each month of operation . This shall include complete and accurate records including copies of the printer ’ s manifest of all leases or contracts purchased for or assigned for use in each parking place . ( 7 ) In any case where unused tickets , leases or contracts have become obsolete or discontinued , they shall be reported and then destroyed with permission and under the supervision of the Treasurer ; ( 8 ) Where meters are used , accurate records of all money collected at each meter must be kept ; ( 9 ) A monthly summary showing the starting and ending ticket numbers for each series , the number of tickets sold at each representative price and the amount of tax collected ; ( 10 ) Exemptions , if any ; and ( 11 ) Detailed drawings , such as a plot plan , shall be shown for each parking facility on the reverse side of the registration form and any alterations made to said locations shall be provided to the Treasurer by way of a revised draft . -15- ( b ) Record Retention . All books , records , daily record sheets and ticket stubs must be retained by the operator of a parking facility for a period of five ( 5 ) years subsequent to the year of the transaction . This requirement will apply to all cases unless advance written permission to destroy such data has been obtained from the Treasurer . § 402 . EVIDENCE OF PARKING TRANSACTIONS . Every vehicle in a parking place will display evidence of the parking transaction , except as specifically described below : ( a ) Manually issued tickets . ( 1 ) Tickets must be numbered , dated , and issued in serial number sequence . Numbers on additional ticket purchases will be continued sequentially . Written authorization by the Treasurer shall be required to change the numerical sequence or series of any ticket . ( 2 ) Where an operator conducts business at more than one location , a separate set of tickets will be issued at each location . ( 3 ) When a flat rate is charged for parking , a separate set of tickets will be issued for each rate . ( 4 ) If a space is reserved on a lease or contracted basis the serial number of such lease or contract will be evident on the vehicle which corresponds with the signed lease or contract number . This sticker/permit/placard shall be approved by the Treasurer . No tickets shall be issued for lease customers . Leases shall be issued in serial number order . ( b ) Mechanically issued tickets . A parking facility which uses and maintains a mechanical device for counting and registering all vehicles entering or leaving the facility on a meter or meters and which device is activated by the vehicle in such a way as to ensure a record of each vehicle , is not required to display evidence of the parking transaction on each vehicle where the following requirements are met : ( 1 ) Where the parking rate is measured by units of time : ( a ) Tickets shall be issued to all patrons in serial number sequence showing the date and time of entry ; ( b ) Tickets shall be arranged so that part of each ticket showing the parking period and charge is retained as part of the operator ’ s records ; ( c ) The ticket ejector shall be synchronized with the registering and counting device ; and ( d ) The counting device or meter must register every vehicle without exception and no part or unit of the device may be rendered inoperative by switch , button or other means . -16- ( 2 ) Where space is reserved on a lease or contract basis : ( a ) The serial number of such lease or contract must be evident on the vehicle which corresponds with the signed lease or contract number . No tickets are to be issued for lease customers ; ( b ) This sticker/permit/placard to be affixed to each vehicle shall be approved by the Treasurer ; and ( c ) Leases are to be issued in serial number order . ( 3 ) Mechanical or electro -mechanical devices or methods for counting , registering and recording parking transaction information , other than as specifically described in these regulations , shall be approved by the Treasurer and the Licensing Officer . ( c ) Parking meters . A parking facility which uses parking meters activated by a coin or token shall not be required to display evidence of the parking transaction on each vehicle . Clear detailed logs and records of all money collected from each meter shall be kept by the operator . ( d ) Free parking for employees . If no consideration is received for free parking for employees , a list of each employee ’ s name , job title and license plate number shall be maintained . This list shall be maintained for all free parking at a paid parking facility . ( e ) Other methods . Methods for counting , registering and recording parking transaction information , other than as specifically in these regulations , shall be approved by the Treasurer and the Licensing Officer . Written authorization of the Treasurer shall be required to change or alter the numerical sequence of any tickets . § 403 . REVENUE CONTROL EQUIPMENT . ( a ) Pursuant to City Code , Title Seven , Article VII , Section 763.03 ( g ) , the owner or operator of a non-residential parking place that has consistently underreported gross revenues and tax to the Treasurer may be required , as a condition for licensing , to install an electro -mechanical device which monitors and counts the number of vehicles admitted to and leaving from a non-residential parking place . ( b ) Underreporting .