interest only in accordance with 53 Pa.C.S . § 8428 . ( f ) The Treasurer will issue its decision within 60 days of the receipt of the taxpayer ’ s complete and accurate petition form . § 702 . APPEALS . Any person aggrieved by a final decision of the Treasurer following a Treasurer ’ s Hearing may , within thirty ( 30 ) days after receipt of the notice of such decision , appeal the decision to the Court of Common Pleas of Allegheny County , in accordance with the Taxpayers Bill of Rights . 53 Pa.C.S . § 8434 . If no such appeal is timely filed , the aggrieved party waives his/her right to contest any element of the Treasurer ’ s adjudication , and that party ’ s failure to challenge the same will -27- be construed as an admission by that party as to the propriety of the Treasurer ’ s decision . No hearing or appeal will operate to suspend the accrual of penalty and interest from the date the tax was due to the date it is actually paid . § 703 . REFUNDS . ( a ) Requests for refunds . An operator that has overpaid Parking Taxes to the City of Pittsburgh due to an error reporting monthly collections may file a written request with the Department of Finance for a refund or a credit of the overpaid tax . The operator shall clearly show the parking collections for the month in which the error occurred , the total amount of tax properly due for the report period in which the overpayment was made , and the amount of tax collected and paid to the City of Pittsburgh for the applicable period , including the total amount of and reason for the overpayment . An amended Parking Tax return may be required for the adjusted report period . All refunds shall be processed consistently with the Local Tax Enabling Act and the Local Taxpayer Bill of Rights , 53 Pa.C.S § 8426 ( 1 ) A request for a refund or a credit shall be made within three ( 3 ) years of the due date for filing the report or one ( 1 ) year after actual payment of the tax , whichever is later ; ( 2 ) If no report is required , the request shall be made within three ( 3 ) years after the due date for payment of the tax or within one ( 1 ) year after actual payment of the tax , whichever is later ; ( 3 ) For amounts paid as a result of a notice asserting or informing a taxpayer of an underpayment , a written request for a refund shall be filed with the Department of Finance within one ( 1 ) year of the date of the payment . ( 4 ) A tax return filed by the taxpayer with the Department of Finance showing an overpayment of tax shall be deemed to be a written request for a cash refund unless otherwise indicated on the tax return . ( b ) Proof of receipt . If any claim of overpayment is made to the City of Pittsburgh after reported Parking Tax was collected from but subsequently refunded to any patron ; for example , the refunding of any portion of a prepaid lease , the operator must be able to provide proof that the patron received the refund and that therefund amount was properly due and calculated . No refund or credit shall be claimed by an operator if overpaid amounts are not or can not be refunded to the patrons from whom they were originally collected . -28- ARTICLE 8 : SAVINGS AND SEVERABILITY AND DISCLOSURES § 801 . SAVINGS CLAUSE AND SEVERABILITY . If a final decision of a court of competent jurisdiction holds any provision of these regulations , or the application of any provision to any circumstances , to be illegal or unconstitutional , the other provisions in these regulations , or the application of such provision to other circumstances , shall remain in full force and effect . The intent of the Treasurer is that the provisions of these regulations shall be severable and that they would have been adopted if any such illegal or unconstitutional provisions had not been included herein . § 802 TAXPAYER DISCLOSURE STATEMENT A copy of the Taxpayer Bill of Rights can be requested in writing at the address below or downloaded at http : //apps.pittsburghpa.gov/finance/10_taxpayers_bill_of_rights.pdf TREASURER , CITY OF PITTSBURGH AUDIT SECTION 414 GRANT ST RM 206 PITTSBURGH PA 15219 -2476