because they are determined without regard to the net income of the Partnership . -5- GOVERNMENTAL ENTITY – any ag ency , authority , department , or instrumentality of the federal government or of another State , and any unit of government listed under 1 01 Pa. Code § 23.221 . INTERNAL REVENUE CODE – the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 ( Public Law 99 - 514 ) , as amended , 26 U.S.C . § 1 , and following , as it was in effect on January 1 , 20 20 . Any citation to regulations issued under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 , 26 C.F.R . § 1 , and following , refers to the regulations in effect on January 1 , 20 20 . NET DISTRIBUTION – the am ount of a Partner ’ s or Self -employed person ’ s draws from net income from one or more Business es that have activities in the City shall be reported for the Payroll Expense Tax . For purposes of this regulation , TAXABLE DISTRIBUTIONS are limited by the sum of draws or net income for that Partner or Self -employed person , whichever is less . If the Partner ’ s or Self -Employed person ’ s Net Distribution exceeds that individual ’ s share of net profit s from a particular Business , the excess draw is a return of capita l. A return of capital is not taxable because this is a liquidation of a Partner ’ s or Self-employed person ’ s assets by the owner . A Partner ’ s Taxable Distribution s shall include a partner ’ s share of Guaranteed Payments from the Partnership . Taxable Distr ibutions shall be determined using the same tax accounting method used to report taxable income for Pennsylvania Personal Income Tax purposes , Tax Reform Code of 1971 . Taxable Distributions from a Business are presumed to be derived from the current year ’ s net income of that Business . PARTNER – an individual owner or member in a Partnership . A Partner will owe tax based on Taxable Distributions . A Partner is not taxed on his or her Passive Income . PARTNERSHIP – an unincorporated entity , joint venture , business trust , general partnership , limited partnership , limited liability company , syndicate , or any other unincorporated association , with two or more owners that is taxed for Pennsylvania state income purposes as a pass -through entity . Tax Reform Act of 1971 , 72 P.S . § 7401 ( definition of a “ Corporation ” ) . An unincorporated entity , with one owner , that is treated under the federal “ check -the-box ” as a disregarded entity is not a Partnership . 26 C.F.R . § 301.7701 -3 ( as it was in effect on January 1 , 2 020 ) . See , Tax Reform Act of 1971 , 72 P.S . § 7307.21 . An unincorporated entity , with one or more owners , that has made the federal “ check -the-box ” election to be taxed as a “ corporation ” is not a Partnership but it may be an Employer . PASSIVE INCOME – Items of i ncome earned by a Partner or Self -employed person from interest ( not derived from working capital investments ) , dividends , capital gains ( except for an individual who is considered a trader and not an investor ) , ground rents , royalties associated with the development of natural resources through a non -operating interest , retirement income earned after retirement , and real estate rental income where substantial services are not provided to tenants , is non-taxable Passive Income . In determining whet her any portion of net profits from a Business may constitute Compensation or non -taxable Passive Income , the Treasurer will follow the guidance issued under Tax Refo rm Code of 1971 , 72 P.S . § 7303 ( a ) , and the PA Personal Income Tax Return Guide , except wh ere such guidance is inconsistent with the purposes of the Payroll Tax . Income earned by a Partner or by a Self -employed person , is not Passive Income if the business provides professional services ( e.g . law , accounting , architectural , professional engine ering , actuarial , or medical services ) or personal services to customers , unless the Partner or Self -Employed person is retired , based on age or years of service , and does not provide services to the business . Guaranteed Payments made to a Partner are not Passive Income . Payments made to a retiring Partner under Section 736 of the Internal Revenue Code , 26 U.S.C . § 736 , are Passive Income . The Passive Income -6- exclusion only applies to Partners and Self -employed persons , but not to Employees whose Compensa tion is reported to the taxing authorities on a Form W -2 or Form 1099 -MISC . PAYROLL EXPENSE – the total Compensation paid , including salaries , wages , net distributions , commissions , bonuses , stock options and other compensation to all individuals who duri ng any tax year , perform work or render services in whole or in part in the City of Pittsburgh . Employee contributions and deductions resulting from an employee election , whether deferred or otherwise , to qualified cash or deferred arrangements , such as an Internal Revenue Code Section 401 ( k ) retirement plan or Internal Revenue Code Section 125 “ cafeteria plan ” , do not reduce total Compensation . Compensation meeting the definition of earned income would be part of the Payroll Expense Tax associated with a particular Employee who is not a Partner or a Self -employed person . Local Tax Enabling Act , 53 P.S . § 6924.501 ( “ Earned Income ” ) . The Payroll Tax is on gross payroll of the Employer .