the Payroll Tax , or who believes he is not liable for the Payroll Tax may file a written request on an amended tax return ( ET -1 ) with the Department of F inance for a refund or a credit of the tax . A request for refund or a credit shall be made within three ( 3 ) years of the due date for filing the report or one year after actual payment of the tax , whichever is later . If no report is required , the request s hall be made within three ( 3 ) years after the due date for payment of the tax or within one ( 1 ) year after actual payment of the tax , whichever is later . Local Taxpayers Bill of Rights , 53 Pa.C.S . § 8425 ( a ) . b . For amounts paid as a result of a notice assert ing or informing a Taxpayer of an underpayment , a written request for a refund shall be filed with the Department of Finance within one ( 1 ) year of the date of the payment . Local Taxpayers Bill of Rights , 53 Pa.C.S . § 8425 ( b ) c. Erroneous Refund Recovery – The Treasurer may sue for recovery of an erroneous refund provided such suit is begun two ( 2 ) years after making such refund , except that the suit may be brought within five ( 5 ) years if any part of the refund was induced by fra ud or misrepresentation of material fact . SECTION 605 – INSTALLMENT PAYMENT PLAN FOR ANY DEFICIENCY In the appropriate circumstances , the Treasurer will enter an installment payment plan and defer further collection action , if the Taxpayer enters into a written agreement with the Treasurer . The Treasurer will approve installment payment plans only if such a plan is in the best interests of the City . The Taxpayer must specifically request the installment payment plan from the Treasurer . For the required te rms of any installment plan See , Second Class City Treasurer ’ s Sale and Collection Act , 53 P.S . § 27207 and Local Taxpayer Bill of Rights , 53 Pa.C.S . § 8436 . If the Taxpayer fails to abide by the terms of the installment payment plan , the Treasurer may demand immediate payment of tax , penalty , and interest . SECTION 60 6 – SAVINGS CLAUSE AND SEVERABILITY If a final decision of a court of competent jurisdiction holds any provision of these regulations , or the application of any provision to any circumstances , to be illegal or unconstitutional , the other provisions in these regulations , or the application of such provision to other circumstances , shall remain in full force and effect . The intent of the Treasurer is that the provisions of these regulations shal l be severable and that they would have been adopted if any such illegal or unconstitutional provisions had not been included herein . -18- SECTION 60 7 – TAXPAYER DISCLOSURE STATEMENT A copy of the Taxpayer Bill of Rights can be requested in writing at the addre ss below or downloaded at http : //apps.pittsburghpa.gov/finance/10_taxpayers_bill_of_rights.pdf TREASURER , CITY OF PITTSBURGH AUDIT SECTION 414 GRANT ST RM 206 PITTSBURGH PA 15219 -2476