’ compensation or benefits . Local Tax Enabling Act , 53 P.S . § 6924.303 ( f ) . b . The payroll amount apportioned to the City shall be determined as set forth in Section 102 of the Regulations . c. Tax Base – The tax shall be paid quarterly and the tax for each quarter shall be computed on the Payroll Expense of the current quarter attributable to the City of Pittsburgh . The Tax Base for Partners and Self -Employed individuals is Taxable Distribution s associated with each separate Business within the City . d. An employer which conducts Business in the City of Pittsburgh on a temporary , seasonal or itinerant basis shall calculate the tax on the total compensation earned while in the City of Pittsburgh . e. Discontinuing Business – Every person who ceases to carry on a Business during any tax quarter after having paid the Payroll Tax for the entire quarter shall , upon making proper application on a form obtained from the Treasurer , be entitled to receive a prorated refund of the tax paid based upon the period of time he was not in Business during the tax quarter . In the event that a person who discontinues Business during any tax quarter does so before payment of the tax becomes due for such tax quarter , said person may apportion the tax and pay an amount to be computed by multiplying the Payroll Expense for the preceding tax quarter by a fraction whose numerator shall be the number of days such person was in Business during the current tax quarter and whose deno minator shall be the total number of days in the current quarter . The final return shall be due ten ( 10 ) days after the discontinuation of Business . Self-employed individuals and Partners are considered to have discontinued their Business only if all sepa rate Businesses of the individual are discontinued . f. A charitable organization , as defined above , shall calculate the tax that would otherwise be attributable to the City of Pittsburgh and file a return , but only shall pay the tax on -9- that portion of its Payroll Expense attributable to business activity for which a tax may be imposed pursuant to Section 511 of the Internal Revenue Code . 26 U.S.C . § 511 . That section imposes a federal tax on unrelated business taxable income of a charity that is exempt from federal tax under Section 501 ( c ) of the Internal Revenue Code . 26 U.S.C . § 501 ( c ) . If the charity has purchased or is operating branches , affiliates , subsidiaries or other business entities that do not independently meet the standards of the “ Institutio ns of Purely Public Charity Act ” , the tax shall be paid on the payroll attributable to such for -profit branches , affiliates or subsidiaries , whether or not the employees are leased or placed under the auspices of the charity ’ s umbrella or parent organizati on . Local Tax Enabling Act , 53 P.S . § 6924.303 ( a.1 ) . g. By reason of the explicit language in the Local Tax Enabling Act , 53 P.S . § 6924.303 ( a.1 ) , Institutions of Purely Public Charity are n ot exempt from the Payroll Tax . However , Institutions of Purely Public Charity are exempt from Payroll Tax associated with activities that are related to the charit able purposes for which the Institution was formed . For purposes of determining whether an activity is related to the cha ritable purposes for which the Institution was formed or unrelated under Section 511 of the Internal Revenue Code , 26 U.S.C . § 511 , the Treasurer will follow federal law in effect on January 1 , 20 20. h. Any person , other than an Exempt Employer , that believes that it is exempt from paying the Payroll Tax , because of a tax exemption granted under federal , state , or local law shall file its return , caption the return “ EXEMPT , ” and provid e a short citation to the legal basis for its exemption . -10- ARTICLE III EMPLOYER ’ S RESPONSIBILITY SECTION 301 – PAYROLL TAX LEVIED ON EMPLOYERS a . Every Employer not registered with the City of Pittsburgh shall , within fifteen ( 15 ) days , register with the Treasurer the Employer ’ s name , address and such other information as the Treasurer may require . The first return for a new business is calculated on the Payroll Expense for the portion of the quarter it was in business . b . The Payroll Tax is a tax that is levied on Employers . Under no circumstance may the Payroll Tax be deducted from the Employees ’ wages . c. It may be necessary to include Form 1099 ’ s issued to individuals in the Employer ’ s calculations of the Payroll Tax . See “ Employee ” definition . d. It shall be the Employer ’ s responsib ility , upon request from the City of Pittsburgh , to provide a list of sub -contractors which includes their name , address , Federal Employer Identification Number ( EIN ) , contact person and their phone number . Historical Note - For the Years 2005 -2015 the Payroll Tax for the First Quarter was due February 28 based on Payroll Expense In October , November and December of the prior calendar year . EFFECTIVE FOR 2016 AND THEREAFTER , THE PAYROLL TAX FOR THE FIRST QUARTER IS DUE ON MAY 31 BASED ON PAYROLL EXPENSE IN JANUARY , FEBRUARY , AND MARCH OF THAT YEAR .