the amount of the usage fee will be added , during the time the usage fee goes unpaid but the amount shall not exceed fifteen percent ( 15 % ) in the aggregate . ( b ) On any additional usage fee determined to be due as a result of a deficiency notice , penalty will be assessed from the day the usage fee should have been paid to the date of payment . Penalty is calculated as described above in Section 50 2 ( a ) . ( c ) Where suit is brought for the recovery of the usage fee , the Person liable therefore shall , in addition , be liable for the costs of collection and the penalties herein imposed . A Person ’ s belief that no usage fee is due and owing , or the failure of any such Person to receive or obtain the forms required for making the returns required by the Code is not a valid defense to the imposition of penalties for violation herein . Good faith shall not be a defense to the imposition of penalty . § 503 . VIOLATIONS AND FINES . ( a ) Violations . No Person shall : ( 1 ) Fail , neglect or refuse to make any declaration or file a return as required under these Regulations ; ( 2 ) Fail , neglect , or refuse to pay or deduct in part or in whole the Usage Fee when it is due as required by these Regulations ; ( 3 ) Refuse to keep or supply to the Treasurer books , records , or accounts of any business , taxable or otherwise , to determine liability as required by these Regulations ; ( 4 ) Make any incomplete , false , or fraudulent return , or to attempt to avoid full disclosure of the amount of the usage fee due , or to avoid payment in part or in whole of the usage fee ; or ( 5 ) Divulge information which is confidential under Chapter 201.6 of the Code . 13 ( b ) Fines . Pursuant to the Local Tax Enabling Act , as amended , in addition to any other penalties or enforcement of fees : ( 1 ) Any Qualified Managing Entity required to collect , account for , and remit the Usage Fee who willfully fails to collect or truthfully account for and remit the Usage Fee to the City commits a misdemeanor and shall , upon conv iction , be sentenced to pay a fine not exceeding $ 25,000.00 or to imprisonment not exceeding two ( 6 ) months , or both ; ( 2 ) Any Qualified Managi ng Entity or Nonresident Contracting Party who negligently or willfully refuses to file a Usage Fee return as required by th ese Regulations shall , upon conviction , be sentenced to pay a fine of not more than one thousand dollars ( $ 1,000 ) and/or to a term of imprisonment of not more than six ( 6 ) months ; ( 3 ) Any Qualified Managing Entity or Nonresident Contracting Party who negligently or willfully makes any false or untrue statement on the Usage Fee return shall upon conviction , be sentenced to pay a fine of not more than two thousand dollars ( $ 2,000 ) and/or a term of imprisonment of not more than six ( 6 ) months ; ( 4 ) Any Qualified Managing Entity or Nonresident Contracting Party who negligently or willfully fails to remit the entire amount of the usage fee , as determined and required by these regulations , shall upon conviction , be sentenced to pay a fine of not more than two thousand dollars ( $ 2,000 ) and/or to a term of not more than six ( 6 ) months ; ( 5 ) Any Person who willfully fails or refuses to appear before the Treasurer in person with the requested books , records , accounts , or other materials when required by the Code , or who willfully refuses to permit inspection by the Treasurer of those books , records , accounts , or other materials in the Person ’ s custody or control when required by the Code , shall , upon conviction be sentenced to pay a fine of not more than five hundred dollars ( $ 500 ) and costs for each offense , and in 14 default of payment thereof may be imprisoned for not more than fifty ( 50 ) days ; ( 6 ) The fines and terms of imprisonment imposed under this Section shall be in addition to any other relief granted to the City of a monetary nature under the provisions of these Regulations ; ( 7 ) Each and every day that the violation continues sha ll constitute a separate offense for which a fine can be imposed ; ( 8 ) Anyone found to be guilty of violations delineated in Section 503 ( b ) may be denied future use of the Publicly Funded Facility . § 504 . SUITS . The Treasurer may sue in the name of the City , in law or in equity , for the recovery of those fees due and unpaid under the provisions of the usage fee , to compel the production of records , or to enforce any other provisions of the law . § 505 . LIMITATIONS ON ENFORCEMENT . ( a ) The following periods of limitation shall apply to suits for collection of usage fees : ( 1 ) When a return has been filed but no usage fee paid , any suit brought to recover the usage fee due and unpaid shall be filed within three ( 3 ) years after the return was due or filed , whichever is later .