11 ] [ 79 ] The era began with the RIDC 's `` Building on Basics '' report in 1974 . [ 80 ] Collapse of steel [ edit ] Further information : Steel crisis Free market pressures exposed the U.S. steel industry 's own internal problems , which included a now-outdated manufacturing base that had been over-expanded in the 1950s and 1960s , hostile management and labor relationships , the inflexibility of United Steelworkers regarding wage cuts and work-rule reforms , oligarchic management styles , and poor strategic planning by both unions and management . In particular , Pittsburgh faced its own challenges . Local coke and iron ore deposits were depleted , raising material costs . The large mills in the Pittsburgh region also faced competition from newer , more profitable `` mini-mills '' and non-union mills with lower labor costs . [ 79 ] Beginning in the late 1970s and early 1980s , the steel industry in Pittsburgh began to implode along with the deindustrialization of the U.S. [ 81 ] Following the 1981–1982 recession , for example , the mills laid off 153,000 workers . [ 79 ] The steel mills began to shut down . These closures caused a ripple effect , as railroads , mines , and other factories across the region lost business and closed . [ 82 ] [ 83 ] The local economy suffered a depression , marked by high unemployment and underemployment , as laid-off workers took lower-paying , non-union jobs . [ 84 ] Pittsburgh suffered as elsewhere in the Rust Belt with a declining population , and like many other U.S. cities , it also saw white flight to the suburbs . [ 85 ] In 1991 the Homestead Works was demolished , replaced in 1999 by The Waterfront shopping mall . As a direct result of the loss of mill employment , the number of people living in Homestead dwindled . By the time of the 2000 census , the borough population was 3,569 . The borough began financially recovering in 2002 , with the enlarging retail tax base . Corporations [ edit ] Top corporate headquarters such as Gulf Oil ( 1985 ) , Koppers ( 1987 ) , Westinghouse ( 1996 ) and Rockwell International ( 1989 ) were bought out by larger firms , with the loss of high paying , white collar headquarters and research personnel ( the `` brain drain '' ) as well as massive charitable contributions by the `` home based '' companies to local cultural and educational institutions . At the time of the Gulf Oil merger in 1985 it was the largest buyout in world history involving the company that was No . 7 on the Fortune 500 just six years earlier . Over 1,000 high paying white collar corporate and PhD research jobs were lost in one day . Today , there are no steel mills within the city limits of Pittsburgh , although manufacture continues at regional mills , such as the Edgar Thomson Works in nearby Braddock . Higher education [ edit ] Pittsburgh is home to three universities that are included in most under-graduate and graduate school national rankings , The University of Pittsburgh , Carnegie Mellon University and Duquesne University . Carnegie Mellon University and the University of Pittsburgh had evolved in the mid-20th century along lines that followed the needs of the heavy industries that financed and directed their development . The collapse of steel put pressure on those two universities to reinvent themselves as research centers in science and technology which acted to pull the regional economy toward high-technology fields . [ 86 ] Other regional collegiate institutions include Robert Morris University , Chatham University , Carlow University , Point Park University , La Roche College , Pittsburgh Theological Seminary , Trinity School for Ministry ( an Episcopal seminary ) and the Community College of Allegheny County . Beginning in the 1980s , Pittsburgh 's economy shifted from heavy industry to services , medicine , higher education , tourism , banking , corporate headquarters , and high technology . Today , the top two private employers in the city are the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center ( 26,000 employees ) and the West Penn Allegheny Health System ( 13,000 employees ) . [ 87 ] [ 88 ] Civic improvements [ edit ] Despite the economic turmoil , civic improvements continued . In the mid-1970s , Arthur P. Ziegler , Jr. and the Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation ( Landmarks ) wanted to demonstrate that historic preservation could be used to drive economic development without the use of eminent domain or public subsidies . Landmarks acquired the former terminal buildings and yards of the Pittsburgh and Lake Erie Railroad , a 1-mile ( 1.6 km ) long property at the base of Mt . Washington facing the City of Pittsburgh . In 1976 , Landmarks developed the site as a mixed-use historic adaptive reuse development that gave the foundation the opportunity to put its urban planning principles into practice . Aided by an initial generous gift from the Allegheny Foundation in 1976 , Landmarks adapted five historic Pittsburgh and Lake Erie Railroad buildings for new uses and added a hotel , a dock for the Gateway Clipper fleet , and parking areas . Now shops , offices , restaurants , and entertainment anchor the historic riverfront site on the south shore of the Monongahela River , opposite the Golden Triangle ( Pittsburgh ) . Station Square is Pittsburgh 's premier attraction , generating over 3,500,000 visitors a year . It reflects a $ 100 million investment from all sources , with the lowest public cost and highest taxpayer return of any major renewal project in the Pittsburgh region since the 1950s . In 1994 , Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation sold Station Square in to Forest City Enterprises which created an endowment to help support its restoration efforts and educational programs .