, 1756 , an expedition of 300 militiamen destroyed the Shawnee and Lenape village of Kittanning , and in the summer of 1758 , British Army officer John Forbes began a campaign to capture Fort Duquesne . [ 21 ] At the head of 7,000 regular and colonial troops , Forbes built Fort Ligonier and Fort Bedford , from where he cut a wagon road over the Allegheny Mountains , later known as Forbes ' Road . On the night of September 13–14 , 1758 , an advance column under Major James Grant was annihilated in the Battle of Fort Duquesne . [ 21 ] The battleground , the high hill east of the Point , was named Grant 's Hill in his memory . With this defeat , Forbes decided to wait until spring . But when he heard that the French had lost Fort Frontenac and largely evacuated Fort Duquesne , he planned an immediate attack . Hopelessly outnumbered , the French abandoned and razed Fort Duquesne . Forbes occupied the burned fort on November 25 , 1758 , and ordered the construction of Fort Pitt , named after British Secretary of State William Pitt the Elder . He also named the settlement between the rivers , `` Pittsborough '' ( see Etymology of Pittsburgh ) . [ 11 ] [ 15 ] The British garrison at Fort Pitt made substantial improvements to its fortification . [ 11 ] The French never attacked Fort Pitt and the war soon ended with the Treaty of Paris and French defeat . [ 15 ] They ceded their territories east of the Mississippi River . Gateway to the West ( 1763–1799 ) [ edit ] In 1760 , the first considerable European settlement around Fort Pitt began to grow . Traders and settlers built two groups of houses and cabins , the `` lower town , '' near the fort 's ramparts , and the `` upper town , '' along the Monongahela as far as present-day Market Street . In April 1761 , a census ordered by Colonel Henry Bouquet and conducted by William Clapham counted 332 people and 104 houses . [ 21 ] [ 22 ] : 148 After Britain 's victory in the French and Indian War , increasing dissatisfaction among Native Americans with the continuing encroachment of settlers on lands that had been agreed would be Indian-occupied ( both in the 1758 Treaty of Easton and in the Royal Proclamation of 1763 the British authorities had decreed that there would be no British-American settlements west of the Alleghenies , but the authorities had been unable or unwilling to enforce these decrees ) led to the outbreak of Pontiac 's War . The Odawa leader Pontiac launched an offensive against British forts in May 1763 . Native American tribes from the Ohio Valley and the Great Lakes overran numerous British forts ; one of their most important targets was Fort Pitt . Receiving warning of the coming attack , Captain Simeon Ecuyer , the Swiss officer in command of the garrison , prepared for a siege . He leveled the houses outside the ramparts and ordered all settlers into the fort : 330 men , 104 women , and 196 children sought refuge inside its ramparts . [ 11 ] Captain Ecuyer also gathered stores , which included hundreds of barrels of pork and beef . Pontiac 's forces attacked the fort on June 22 , 1763 , and the siege of Fort Pitt lasted for two months . [ 15 ] Pontiac 's warriors kept up a continuous , though ineffective , fire on it from July 27 through August 1 , 1763 . [ 21 ] They drew off to confront the relieving party under Colonel Bouquet , which defeated them in the Battle of Bushy Run . [ 21 ] This victory ensured British dominion over the forks of the Ohio , if not the entire Ohio valley . In 1764 Colonel Bouquet added a redoubt , the Fort Pitt Blockhouse , which still stands , the sole remaining structure from Fort Pitt and the oldest authenticated building west of the Allegheny Mountains . [ 15 ] Fort Pitt , 1795 The Iroquois signed the Fort Stanwix Treaty of 1768 , ceding the lands south of the Ohio to the British Crown . [ 21 ] European expansion into the upper Ohio valley increased . An estimated 4,000 to 5,000 families settled in western Pennsylvania between 1768 and 1770 . Of these settlers , about a third were English-American , another third were Scotch-Irish , and the rest were Welsh , German and others . [ 23 ] These groups tended to settle together in small farming communities , but often their households were not within hailing distance . The life of a settler family was one of relentless hard work : clearing the forest , stumping the fields , building cabins and barns , planting , weeding , and harvesting . In addition , almost everything was manufactured by hand , including furniture , tools , candles , buttons , and needles . [ 23 ] Settlers had to deal with harsh winters , and with snakes , black bears , mountain lions , and timber wolves . Because of the fear of raids by Native Americans , the settlers often built their cabins near , or even on top of , springs , to ensure access to water . They also built blockhouses , where neighbors would rally during conflicts . [ 4 ] Increasing violence , especially by the Shawnee , Miami , and Wyandot tribes , led to Dunmore 's War in 1774 . Conflict with Native Americans continued throughout the Revolutionary War , as some hoped that the war would end with expulsion of the settlers from their territory . In 1777 , Fort Pitt became a United States fort , when Brigadier General Edward Hand took command . In 1779 , Colonel Daniel Brodhead led 600 men from Fort Pitt to destroy Seneca villages along the upper Allegheny .