exhibits , the Science Center now attracts more than half a million people a year . By the time of its 10-year anniversary in 2001 , the Science Center opened Highmark SportsWorks , the largest collection of sports and science exhibits in the world . Carnegie Science Center Three years later , Carnegie Museums again brought something new and irreplaceable to Pittsburgh , and the world : The Andy Warhol Museum . In addition to presenting the vast archives of Andy Warhol , the museum also has become a center for dialogue about a diverse range of topics , as well as a global ambassador to Pittsburgh ’ s cultural richness and diversity through its many traveling exhibitions . The Andy Warhol Museum Today ’ s ever-changing experiences By the year 2000 , the four Carnegie Museums became known as “ Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh. ” The following two decades included the debut of Carnegie Museum of Natural History ’ s blockbuster Dinosaurs in Their Time exhibit , which is nearly three times the size of the original dinosaur hall and the first exhibit in the world to feature scientifically accurate , immersive environments spanning the Age of Dinosaurs . In 2003 and again in 2012 , Carnegie Museum of Art accomplished its most important and most visitor-focused transformations since the opening of the Scaife wing with the reopening of its Scaife Galleries after year-long renovations , which included new presentations of its vast collections and the display of more artwork . In 2014 , The Andy Warhol Museum rehung its collection , telling the story of Andy Warhol ’ s life and artwork chronologically for the first time to spectacular effect . In 2017 , Carnegie Museums launched a collaborative event series , Carnegie Nexus , that reaches across the arts and sciences to design experiences that animate pressing issues of our time and instigate new ways to examine our world through live performance , the visual and literary arts , and thoughtful conversation . And in 2018 , Carnegie Science Center completed a major expansion : PPG Science Pavilion , which houses a suite of STEM Learning Labs ; a Special Exhibitions Gallery for large-scale changing exhibitions ; a laser digital giant-screen theater ; and outdoor learning spaces on the riverfront . Click above for visual snapshots from our 125 year story in the making . Carnegie Museum of Art Carnegie Science Center Carnegie Museum of Natural History The Andy Warhol Museum Facebook Instagram Twitter LinkedIn Things to Do Visit Join & Support Event Spaces About Us Carnegie Magazine Accessibility Press Opportunities Connect with our museums Social Media , Blogs , Apps & More > ©2024 Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh Privacy Policy Terms of Use Non-Discrimination Policy Join Donate