Carnegie Museum of Natural History - Wikipedia Jump to content Main menu Main menu move to sidebar hide Navigation Main page Contents Current events Random article About Wikipedia Contact us Contribute Help Learn to edit Community portal Recent changes Upload file Search Search Donate Appearance Create account Log in Personal tools Create account Log in Pages for logged out editors learn more Contributions Talk Contents move to sidebar hide ( Top ) 1 Description and history 2 Scientific publications 3 See also 4 References 5 External links Toggle the table of contents Carnegie Museum of Natural History 21 languages العربية Asturianu Català Deutsch Español Français 한국어 Bahasa Indonesia Italiano עברית Latina Bahasa Melayu Монгол Nederlands 日本語 Português Русский Simple English Українська اردو 中文 Edit links Article Talk English Read Edit View history Tools Tools move to sidebar hide Actions Read Edit View history General What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Cite this page Get shortened URL Download QR code Wikidata item Print/export Download as PDF Printable version In other projects Wikimedia Commons Appearance move to sidebar hide Coordinates : 40°26′37″N 79°57′00″W ﻿ / ﻿ 40.44361°N 79.95000°W ﻿ / 40.44361 ; -79.95000 From Wikipedia , the free encyclopedia Museum in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , US This article contains content that is written like an advertisement . Please help improve it by removing promotional content and inappropriate external links , and by adding encyclopedic content written from a neutral point of view . ( August 2024 ) ( Learn how and when to remove this message ) Carnegie Museum of Natural History One of the four Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh Location of Carnegie Museum in Pennsylvania Show map of Pittsburgh Carnegie Museum of Natural History ( Pennsylvania ) Show map of Pennsylvania Carnegie Museum of Natural History ( the United States ) Show map of the United States Established 1895 Location Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania Coordinates 40°26′37″N 79°57′00″W ﻿ / ﻿ 40.44361°N 79.95000°W ﻿ / 40.44361 ; -79.95000 Type Natural History Visitors 300,000 Director Gretchen Baker Public transit access 54 , 58 , 61A , 61B , 61C , 61D , 67 , 69 Nearest parking On site and street Website carnegiemnh .org The Carnegie Museum of Natural History ( abbreviated as CMNH ) is a natural history museum in the Oakland neighborhood of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania . It was founded by Pittsburgh-based industrialist Andrew Carnegie in 1896 . Housing some 22 million specimens , the museum features one of the finest paleontological and entomological collections in the world . As seen from the 36th floor of the Cathedral of Learning . Description and history [ edit ] The museum consists of 115,000 square feet ( 10,700 m 2 ) organized into 20 galleries as well as research , library , and office space . It holds some 22 million specimens , of which about 10,000 are on view at any given time and about 1 million are cataloged in online databases . In 2008 it hosted 386,300 admissions and 63,000 school group visits . Museum education staff also actively engage in outreach by traveling to schools all around western Pennsylvania . The museum gained prominence in 1899 when its scientists unearthed the fossils of Diplodocus carnegii . [ 1 ] Notable dinosaur specimens include one of the world 's very few fossils of a juvenile Apatosaurus , the world 's first specimen of a Tyrannosaurus rex , [ 2 ] and a recently identified species of oviraptorosaur named Anzu wyliei . [ 3 ] Research teams including former Carnegie scientists made critical discoveries such as Puijila darwini , Castorocauda lutrasimilis , and Hadrocodium wui . Portion of the dinosaur exhibit . Fossil fish Fossil specimen of Anaethalion knorri from the Solnhofen limestone Mummies from the Walton Hall of Ancient Egypt . Other major exhibits include Hillman Hall of Minerals and Gems , Alcoa Foundation Hall of American Indians , Polar World : Wyckoff Hall of Arctic Life , Walton Hall of Ancient Egypt , Benedum Hall of Geology , Dinosaurs in Their Time , and Powdermill Nature Reserve , established by the museum in 1956 to serve as a field station for long-term studies of natural populations . The museum 's active curatorial departments are : Anthropology , Birds , Botany , Herpetology ( Amphibians & Reptiles ) , Invertebrate Paleontology , Invertebrate Zoology , Mammals , Minerals , Mollusks ( Malacology ) , and Vertebrate Paleontology . These departments work collaboratively under strategic centers created to re-frame how the museum leverages its research , exhibitions , and public programming to meet the challenges and issues of today . In late 2013 , however , the museum 's parent organization and interim administration eliminated multiple scientific positions , seriously reducing its capacity to conduct original research . Scientific publications [ edit ] Gift shop inside Carnegie Museum of Natural History Carnegie Museum of Natural History publishes scholarly journals and books including Annals of Carnegie Museum , which offers peer-reviewed articles in organismal biology , earth sciences , and anthropology ; Bulletin of Carnegie Museum of Natural History , offering monographs or collections of related papers from symposia ; and Special Publications of Carnegie Museum , documenting special topics or areas of research . See also [ edit ] Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh Carnegie Collection List of museums in Pennsylvania Andrey Avinoff Rudyerd Boulton Andrew Carnegie Benjamin Preston Clark Mary R. Dawson Carl H. Eigenmann John Bell Hatcher William Jacob Holland Lion Attacking a Dromedary Bradley C. Livezey M. Graham Netting Arnold Edward Ortmann Albert Schwartz Richard Shine James L. Swauger Walter Edmond Clyde Todd Richard Vogt References [ edit ] ^ Batz , Bob Jr. ( July 2 , 1999 ) . `` Dippy the star-spangled dinosaur '' . Pittsburgh Post-Gazette . Pittsburgh . Archived from the original on June 29 , 2011 . Retrieved August 11 , 2009 . ^ Switek , Brian ( October 16 , 2013 ) . `` My T. Rex Is Bigger Than Yours '' . National Geographic . Pittsburgh . Archived from the original on October 16 , 2013 .