Home - Heinz History Center Skip Main Navigation Skip to site alert Heinz History Center Heinz History Center Select a Location See What 's On Heinz History Center Sports Museum Fort Pitt Museum Meadowcroft Rockshelter Site Tickets Join Donate Search Menu Play Video Pause Video Welcome to the # 1 History Museum in America Plan Your Visit Get to Know Our Family of Museums Heinz History Center 10 AM - 5 PM Western Pennsylvania Sports Museum 10 AM - 5 PM Fort Pitt Museum 10 AM - 5 PM Meadowcroft Rockshelter and Historic Village 10 AM - 4 PM Open Now • A Woman ’ s Place : How Women Shaped Pittsburgh Exhibit Heinz History Center Take an unprecedented deep dive into the lives of the fierce and unflappable Western Pennsylvania women who helped change the world inside our major new exhibition . Learn More Hometown-Homegrown Event Heinz History Center Enjoy a taste of the ‘ Burgh at the Heinz History Center ’ s 11th annual Hometown-Homegrown™ food festival , presented in partnership with GoodTaste ! Pittsburgh® on Nov. 2 ! Learn More What 's On : Events Search our calendar of upcoming events hosted by our family of museums ! View All Events October 20 5:00 PM Gut Yontif : A Patchwork Holiday Experience The Heinz History Center ’ s Rauh Jewish History Program & Archives will celebrate the Jewish holiday of Sukkot with a one-night-only , participatory experience featuring Pittsburgh artist Oreen Cohen . Tickets Required October 22 Western Pennsylvania Sports Museum – 6:00 PM Game Changers : Women and Sport Celebrate the past , present , and future of women in sports ! Tickets Required October 26 Heinz History Center – 2:00 PM Girls of Steel Robotics Workshop Build your own robot with Girls of Steel ! Tickets Required November 2 Heinz History Center – 10:00 AM Hometown-Homegrown Enjoy a taste of the ‘ Burgh at the Heinz History Center ’ s 11th annual Hometown-Homegrown™ food festival , presented in partnership with GoodTaste ! Pittsburgh® ! View All Events Preserving Pittsburgh ’ s Memories Detre Library & Archives Heinz History Center Research family history , explore historic images , and search thousands of documents in the Detre Library & Archives at the History Center . Open Wednesday through Saturday and free to all visitors . Research & Explore More than a ketchup museum . The Heinz History Center is Pittsburgh ’ s people museum . We share the inspiring stories of Western Pennsylvania ’ s people who have helped change the course of American history . See for yourself . Explore Exhibits Kids & Families Build bridges in the interactive Discovery Place or explore the Neighborhood of Make–Believe . Unique Pittsburgh Gifts From exclusive Heinz merch to the Mister Rogers kindness collection , find the perfect Pittsburgh gift at the Museum Shop . Smithsonian Treasures Discover Smithsonian artifacts at the History Center and learn more about the museum ’ s Smithsonian affiliation . Explore Our Collections Thousands of artifacts and historic images , at your fingertips . Kids & Families Build bridges in the interactive Discovery Place or explore the Neighborhood of Make–Believe . Unique Pittsburgh Gifts From exclusive Heinz merch to the Mister Rogers kindness collection , find the perfect Pittsburgh gift at the Museum Shop . Smithsonian Treasures Discover Smithsonian artifacts at the History Center and learn more about the museum ’ s Smithsonian affiliation . Explore Our Collections Thousands of artifacts and historic images , at your fingertips . Heinz History Center Footer About Contact Us Accessibility Health & Safety Work With Us Sitemap Policies Social Navigation Facebook X Instagram Tiktok YouTube Email Heinz History Center Heinz History Center 1212 Smallman Street , Pittsburgh , PA 15222 ( 412 ) 454-6000 [ email protected ] Today 's Hours : 10 AM - 5 PM Western Pennsylvania Sports Museum Western Pennsylvania Sports Museum 1212 Smallman Street , Pittsburgh , PA 15222 ( 412 ) 454-6000 [ email protected ] Today 's Hours : 10 AM - 5 PM Fort Pitt Museum Fort Pitt Museum 601 Commonwealth Place , Pittsburgh , PA 15222 ( 412 ) 281-9284 [ email protected ] Today 's Hours : 10 AM - 5 PM Meadowcroft Rockshelter and Historic Village Meadowcroft Rockshelter and Historic Village 401 Meadowcroft Road , Avella , PA 15312 ( 724 ) 587-3412 [ email protected ] Today 's Hours : 10 AM - 4 PM Footer About Contact Us Accessibility Health & Safety Work With Us Sitemap Policies Utility Tickets Donate Host an Event Shop © 2024 Heinz History Center Sign Up For Our Newsletter Email Address ( Required ) SPORTS MUSEUM HISTORY CENTER FORT PITT MEADOWCROFT Site Menu Utility Tickets Donate Host an Event Shop Site Visit Heinz History Center Western Pennsylvania Sports Museum Fort Pitt Museum Meadowcroft Rockshelter and Historic Village What ’ s On Event Calendar Exhibits Heinz History Center Western Pennsylvania Sports Museum Fort Pitt Museum Meadowcroft Rockshelter and Historic Village Research Explore Our Collections Detre Library & Archives African American Program Rauh Jewish History Program & Archives Italian American Program Publications Contribute to Our Collections Join & Give Become a Member Make a Donation Fundraising Events Commemorative Gifts Planned Giving Contribute to Our Collections Learn For Schools & Teachers Scout Programs America 101 Virtual Tours Blog Videos & Podcasts About Our People Press Releases , Awards & Honors History Center Affiliates Program Event Rentals Contact Us Work With Us Blog Search Submit For You Kids & Families Groups Educators Members Close