, and earned the President ’ s Trophy in 1993 . The Penguins have won the Stanley Cup four times as well , with the most recent championship being back to back wins in 2016 and 2017 . The Penguins call PPG Paints Arena in Pittsburgh 's Bluff/Uptown neighborhood home . The arena opened in 2010 and is a property City through its joint municipal authority , the Pittsburgh-Allegheny County Sports & Exhibition Authority . The Pirates are the oldest professional sports team in Pittsburgh . The team played their first National League game on April 30 , 1887 , defeating Chicago . In 2007 Robert Nutting , a native from West Virginia took over as owner . The Pirates have won their division eight times and the National League Championship nine times . They have won the World Series five times , most recently in 1979 . The Pirates call PNC Park on Pittsburgh 's North Shore home . This stadium opened in 2001 and is widely considered to be one of baseball ’ s best . The ballpark is a property of the City through its joint municipal authority , the Pittsburgh-Allegheny County Sports & Exhibition Authority . CITY INFORMATION City Directory Open Gov Portal Policies Press Releases Website Release Notes Accessibility POPULAR SERVICES 311 Contract Bids Dog Licenses Online Shelter Permit Tax Info OneStopPGH CITY HALL Boards , Authorities , Commissions City Clerk 's Office City Council Controller 's Office Mayor 's Office Public Safety CONNECT WITH US Facebook Twitter YouTube Social Media Hub City of Pittsburgh City-County Building , 414 Grant St , Pittsburgh , PA 15219 City-County Building Lighting - What Do Tonight 's Colors Represent ? Tonight , the City-County Building is illuminated in a standard colorful roatation with no affilation . For questions about the lighting at the City-County Building , please reach out to the Office of the Mayor . × A New City Website Is Coming Soon ! We are proud to announce the Oct 22 , 2024 launch of the new City of Pittsburgh website ! The new website is a dramatic upgrade in accessibility , usability , aesthetics and most importantly , it will be resident focused . Built to find the information and services you need quickly . Please feel free to stop by our website redesign project page for details ! Translate English Arabic Chinese Croatian French German Hindi Italian Japanese Korean Portuguese Russian Spanish Hebrew Ukrainian Vietnamese Armenian Latin Nepali Sudanese × Close