of computer systems and ensure that appropriate technology and systems management practices are used to resist attacks on networked systems and to limit damage and ensure continuity of critical services subsequent to attacks , accidents , or failures . [ 108 ] The Human–Computer Interaction Institute ( HCII ) is a division of the School of Computer Science and is considered one of the leading centers of human–computer interaction research , integrating computer science , design , social science , and learning science . [ 109 ] Such interdisciplinary collaboration is the hallmark of research done throughout the university . The Language Technologies Institute ( LTI ) is another unit of the School of Computer Science and is famous for being one of the leading research centers in the area of language technologies . The primary research focus of the institute is on machine translation , speech recognition , speech synthesis , information retrieval , parsing and information extraction . [ 110 ] Until 1996 , the institute existed as the Center for Machine Translation that was established in 1986 . From 1996 onwards , it started awarding graduate degrees and the name was changed to Language Technologies Institute . The Ray and Stephanie Lane Computational Biology Department , one of the seven departments in the School of Computer Science , was established in 2007 ( as Lane Center for Computational Biology ) , officially became a department within the School of Computer Science in 2009 , and named the Ray and Stephanie Lane Computational Biology Department in 2023 . The department is the leader in developing computational methodologies to advance biomedical research . Carnegie Mellon is also home to the Carnegie School of management and economics . This intellectual school grew out of the Tepper School of Business in the 1950s and 1960s and focused on the intersection of behavioralistm and management . Several management theories , most notably bounded rationality and the behavioral theory of the firm , were established by Carnegie School management scientists and economists . Carnegie Mellon also develops cross-disciplinary and university-wide institutes and initiatives to take advantage of strengths in various colleges and departments and develop solutions in critical social and technical problems . To date , these have included the Cylab Security and Privacy Institute , the Wilton E. Scott Institute for Energy Innovation , the Neuroscience Institute , the Simon Initiative , and the Disruptive Healthcare Technology Institute . Carnegie Mellon has made a concerted effort to attract corporate research labs , offices , and partnerships to the Pittsburgh campus . Apple Inc. , Intel , Google , Microsoft , Disney , Facebook , IBM , General Motors , Bombardier Inc. , Yahoo ! , Uber , Tata Consultancy Services , Ansys , Boeing , Robert Bosch GmbH , and the Rand Corporation have established a presence on or near campus . In collaboration with Intel , Carnegie Mellon has pioneered research into claytronics . [ 111 ] International activities [ edit ] Part of Carnegie Mellon 's Education City campus in Qatar . In addition to its Pittsburgh campus , Carnegie Mellon has a branch campus in the Middle East , Carnegie Mellon University in Qatar , which offers a full undergraduate curriculum with degree programs in computer science , business administration , biology , computational biology , and information systems . The campus is located in Doha 's Education City which is home to multiple other U.S. universities all of which are funded by the Qatar Foundation . The Qatari campus has been the subject of controversy , as Islamic cultural values and laws in Qatar differ greatly from the core values of Carnegie Mellon . [ 112 ] Additionally , Carnegie Mellon and other U.S. universities in Education City have been criticized for being essentially complicit in Qatar 's corruption , connections with Hamas and their questionable human rights record by continuing to operate there . [ 112 ] [ 113 ] [ 114 ] [ 115 ] It also has graduate-level extension campuses in Mountain View , California in the heart of Silicon Valley ( offering masters programs in Software Engineering and Software Management ) . The Tepper School of Business maintains a satellite center in downtown Manhattan and the Heinz College maintains one in Adelaide , Australia . The Heinz College , the Institute for Politics and Strategy , and the Department of Engineering and Public Policy host centers in Washington , D.C. as part of degree programs , research , and government affairs initiatives as well as being a part of the University of California , Washington Center . Carnegie Mellon also established the Integrative Media Program at Steiner Studios in Brooklyn , New York . Carnegie Mellon also maintains the Carnegie Mellon Los Angeles Center in North Hollywood , California where students in the Master of Entertainment Industry Management program are required to relocate to Los Angeles in their second year and attend classes at this facility . Carnegie Mellon 's Information Networking Institute offers graduate programs in Athens , Greece and Kobe , Japan , in collaboration with Athens Information Technology and the Hyogo Institute of Information Education Foundation , respectively . In the fall of 2007 , the cities of Aveiro and Lisbon , Portugal were added to the Information Networking Institute 's remote locations . The Software and Societal Systems Department ( S3D ) offers graduate programs in Coimbra , Portugal . The Entertainment Technology Center offers graduate programs in Portugal , Japan , and Singapore . The Human–Computer Interaction Institute offers a master 's degree in conjunction with the University of Madeira , in Portugal at the jointly founded Madeira Interactive Technologies Institute . The College of Engineering has an international location in Kigali , Rwanda offering the Master of Science in Information Technology and the Master of Science in Electrical and Computer Engineering . In popular culture [ edit ] This section needs additional citations for verification . Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources in this section . Unsourced material may be challenged and removed .