training and maintaining community awareness of services available to victims of crime and natural or man-made disasters , and liaises with City and County agencies to ensure coordinated services . • The Park Ranger Program is a vital connection between the City of Pittsburgh ’ s parks and its park users . Park Rangers act as park ambassadors for the Department of Public Safety by educating park visitors/ users on park offerings , programs , activities , local ordinances , rules , and regulations . Park Rangers also engage park visitors in mutually respectful ways that benefit and develop relationships and appropriate park use.City of Pittsburgh Operating Budget Department of Public Safety - Bureau of Administration Fiscal Year 2024 210000 157 Nighttime Economy - Nighttime Economy supports the food , beverage and entertainment events that enhance Pittsburgh ’ s quality of life and attractiveness to visitors and relocating companies . However this industry can present unique potential public safety risks and quality of life impacts . Further , consumer demand is forceful and trends populate quickly , often well in advance of policies that could address issues . Responsible Hospitality includes planning , monitoring , managing , and policing . The Nighttime Economy Coordinator facilitates these activities and upholds Sociable City Pittsburgh ’ s vision : “ Safe and vibrant places to socialize for visitors and Pittsburghers of all ages , cultures and lifestyles ” and the Sociable City 's mission : “ Retain and grow the economic value of the social and nighttime economy while effectively preventing and addressing nuisance activities , managing public safety risks and alleviating quality of life impacts. ” The Nighttime Economy Coordinator is additionally charged with implementing the long range recommendations from the Sociable City Plan , as well as facilitating key stakeholders to guide policy changes and resource allocation to support and sustain Pittsburgh ’ s nighttime economy . Group Violence Intervention Initiative - Group Violence Intervention ( GVI ) plays a crucial role in reducing neighborhood violence . It is partnership between law enforcement , street outreach workers , social services and the community who mediates and interrupts violence from spreading . Office of Emergency Management - The Office of Emergency Management ( OEM ) works to reduce the vulnerability of the populace and property of the City to injury and loss resulting from natural or man-made disasters . This office also provides prompt and efficient rescue , care , and treatment of persons threatened or victimized by disaster ; provides for rapid and orderly restoration and recovery following disasters ; and educates the public regarding their responsibilities in responding to disasters affecting the City of Pittsburgh . Comprised of representatives from PBP , PBF , and EMS , with oversight by the Director ’ s office , the restructured OEM works together with other departments to formulate strategies and policies for planned events , and potential natural and man-made events utilizing the National Incident Management System . Office of Film & Event Management - The newly organized Office of Film & Event Management is currently comprised of two full-time staff who are tasked with receiving and vetting applications for small and large-scale events and film productions within the City of Pittsburgh . It is responsible for consulting with both film and event permit applicants to ensure that industry standards , safety regulations , and city policies are followed and met , as well as working with all City departments to ensure proper planning , coordination , and execution of events and film projects . Additionally , it will ensure that events and film productions do not negatively impact the City ’ s operations and remain positive assets to the City and its residents . Lastly , this office chairs the Special Events Committee and assists in the safe and effective planning of large scale City-wide events . Public Information Office/Media - The Public Information Office budget includes four full-time employees : One Public Information Officer , one Deputy Public Information Officer , one Assistant Public Information Officer , and one Social Media Specialist . The PIO Office ’ s mission is to tell the whole story of Public Safety , not just what the media covers , and to foster a collaborative environment between Public Safety and the public by promoting and practicing transparency . The PIO ’ s Office provides information to the public , primarily through social media but also through traditional media , on behalf of all Public Safety departments . Public Safety Technology - The Office of Public Safety Technology coordinates closely with the City 's Department of Innovation & Performance , bureau technology subject matter experts , other departments and partner agencies to enhance safety and awareness of Public Safety personnel by assessing both existing and new technology , infrastructure , and solutions utilized by responders in their daily activities . The Public Safety Technology Manager ensures critical public safety technology and systems function efficiently and effectively on a 24/7 basis including citywide security camera deployment , the gunshot detection system , radio communications , and Public Safety-specific software . The Manager works closely with outside entities to allow all bureaus to have the technical resources necessary to ensure the safety of the residents , visitors , and employees of the City of Pittsburgh . Special Inter-Bureau Operations - Special Inter-Bureau Operations includes emergency response requiring personnel , equipment , and resources from EMS , Fire , Police , Emergency Management , Animal Care and Control , and the Rangers . These operations include on-going operational training , readiness , planning , and provide City of Pittsburgh Operating Budget Department of Public Safety - Bureau of Administration Fiscal Year 2024 210000 158 resources to incidents such as hazardous material release , active shooter events , flood response , high rise fires , and terrorist attacks . Public Safety Facilities - The Office of Public Safety Facilities coordinates closely with the Director of the Department of Public Safety , the various Bureau Chiefs within the Department , and the Department of Public Works regarding Public Safety facilities .