real estate tax revenues are budgeted at $ 151.8 million in 2024 , an estimated 4.7 percent decrease from the prior year . The real estate tax is the largest source of revenue in the 2024 Operating Budget , comprising approximately 28.0 percent of tax revenues and 21.3 percent of total revenues . Current year real estate tax liability ( the amount billed at the beginning of the year ) is calculated by applying the millage rate ( 8.06 mils ) to Allegheny County 's assessed value of property . On average , residential property comprises approximately 55 percent of the total assessed value of property in the City of Pittsburgh and non-residential property comprises approximately 45 percent . Prior to the county-wide reassessment effective in 2013 , the total assessed value of property in the City grew by approximately 1.2 percent on average per year since 2003 . The county-wide reassessment led to appeals , most notably for non-residential property , and the total assessed value decreased by 7.8 percent in 2014 . Since then , the total assessed value of property has grown by 1.1 percent on average per year , more in line with historical growth . The largest taxpayer incentives that reduce current year real estate tax liability are the homestead exemption , the Allegheny County Act 77 of 2000 property tax relief ( for senior citizens who meet certain requirements ) , and the 2 percent early-filer discount . Non-profits are exempt from this tax . Real estate tax incentives for future years are estimated as an average percentage of tax liability based on data since the reassessment . Total real estate tax revenues are forecast to increase by 0.8 percent each year through 2028 . Earned Income Tax Total earned income tax revenues are budgeted at $ 136.2 million in 2024 , an estimated 7.3 percent increase over the prior year . The earned income tax is a 1.25 percent levy on the wages and net profits of residents of the City of Pittsburgh . The earned income tax forecast projects tax year liabilities based on a 3.0 percent growth rate , with a downward adjustment for the City of Pittsburgh , and splits current and prior year liabilities based on historical collections . Total earned income tax revenues are forecast to increase by 4.4 percent each year through 2028 . Payroll Preparation Tax Total payroll preparation tax revenues are budgeted at $ 76.3 million in 2024 , an estimated 16.0 percent increase over the prior year . The payroll preparation tax is levied at a rate of 0.55 percent on the gross payroll of employers and net income from self-employed individuals , members of partnerships , associations and joint ventures who perform work or provide services within the City of Pittsburgh . Non-profits an exempt from this tax . The payroll City of Pittsburgh Operating Budget Fiscal Year 2024 Revenue 40 preparation tax forecast uses total non-farm wages for Allegheny County to forecast future revenues . Total non- farm wages for Allegheny County are forecast to increase by 4.0 percent on average . Total payroll preparation tax revenues are forecast to increase by 2.2 percent each year through 2028 . Parking Tax Total parking tax revenues are budgeted at $ 51.6 million in 2024 , a 1.9 percent decrease from the prior year . The parking tax is levied at a rate of 37.5 percent on fees charged for parking or storing cars within the City of Pittsburgh . The parking tax forecast uses a multivariate regression with collections as the dependent variable and the tax rate and gross Allegheny County product as independent variables . Estimated gross Allegheny County product is the total value of goods produced and services provided in the county , and serves as a broad economic indicator of activity in and around the City . Total parking tax revenues are forecast to increase by 3.7 percent each year through 2028 . Deed Transfer Tax Deed transfer tax revenues are budgeted at $ 59.1 million in 2024 , an estimated 13.7 percent decrease compared with the prior year . This decrease is related to fewer property transactions in comparison to last year as a result of rising interest rates . The tax is levied at a rate of 3 percent on real property transfers within the City of Pittsburgh . The total tax paid , which is typically split between the buyer and seller of a property , is 5 % as of 2020 , as the state and school board each also levy 1 % taxes of their own . The deed transfer tax forecast ( provided by IHS Markit ) uses a multivariate regression with collections as the dependent variable and three independent variables . The first independent variable is the residential tax base , which consists of existing single-family home sales multiplied by the average price of an existing single-family home . The other independent variables are the tax rate and a dummy variable for years in which the sale of a non-residential property exceeded $ 100 million . Total deed transfer tax revenues are forecast to increase by 1.2 percent on average each year over the next five years . Regional Asset District Tax Relief Regional Asset District tax relief is budgeted at $ 25.8 million in 2024 , an estimated 3.3 percent increase over the prior year . This relief , created by Pennsylvania Act 77 of 1993 , provides the City of Pittsburgh with a percentage of 1/4 of the 1 percent additional sales tax in Allegheny County . The City of Pittsburgh ’ s percentage is determined by a formula that compares the City ’ s tax revenues and the market value of property per capita with that of all municipalities in Allegheny County . Retail sales ( a proxy for sales tax collections ) are forecast to grow by 3.1 percent on average over the same period . Act 77 tax relief is forecast to increase by 2.0 percent each year through 2028 .