41 Tax Revenue 42 License and Permit Revenue 43 Charges for Services 44 Fines and Forfeitures 45 Intergovernmental Revenue 46 Interest Earnings 47 Miscellaneous Revenues Tax Revenue Taxes comprise the majority of City of Pittsburgh revenues . In addition to wage and property taxes , there are many that are generated by the wide range of services , institutions , and entertainment available within the City . They are collected from both residents of the City of Pittsburgh as well as nonresidents , when appropriate . Real estate taxes are the single largest source of tax revenue . The City collects them on behalf of the City , School District , and the Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh . Real estate taxes are levied on land and buildings located within the City of Pittsburgh . Assessments are conducted at the county level by the Allegheny County Office of Property Assessments and the tax is collected based on the fair market value of property . As of 2023 , the City real estate tax rate is 8.06 mills , the School District real estate tax rate is 10.25 mills , and the Carnegie Library real estate tax rate is 0.25 mills . Tax relief is provided through various programs including the Homestead Exemption ( Allegheny County Act 50 of 1998 ) and Senior Tax Relief ( Allegheny County Act 77 of 2000 ) . Other sources of tax revenue for the City of Pittsburgh are the Earned Income Tax , the Payroll Preparation Tax , the Parking Tax , the Local Service Tax , the Amusement Tax and Non-Resident Sports Facility Usage Fee , the Deed Transfer Tax , the Public Service Privilege Tax , and the Institution and Service Privilege Tax . Earned Income Tax is a conventional 3 percent wage tax applied to City and School District residents who earn wages , salaries , tips , bonuses , or other net profits in a given year . City residents pay a 1 percent City tax and a 2 percent School District tax . Interest , dividends , active duty pay from the Armed Forces , pensions , social security , and capital gains are commonly excluded . The Payroll Preparation Tax was initiated following the City of Pittsburgh ’ s entry into Act 47 in 2003 and is levied at the rate of 0.55 percent on the gross payroll of employers and the distribution of net income from self-employed individuals , members of partnerships , associations , joint ventures or other entities who perform work or provide services within the City of Pittsburgh . Nonprofit and other charitable organizations are excluded from this tax.City of Pittsburgh Operating Budget Fiscal Year 2024 Budget Guide 23 Finally , the Parking Tax is collected from users of private and public parking facilities located within the City of Pittsburgh . A portion of the Parking Tax is dedicated to the City of Pittsburgh ’ s pension fund until 2051 . In 2022 , actual tax revenue totaled $ 537,692,183 , or 76.5 percent of total City revenue . City of Pittsburgh voters approved a referendum in 2019 to add 0.50 mills to the real estate tax to collect funds for the improvement of the City 's parks . These funds are not deposited into the General Fund . Please see the Stop the Violence Trust Fund section for more information . Non-tax Revenue “ Non-tax revenue ” is a catch-all term referring to funding mechanisms utilized by the City of Pittsburgh that do not directly involve the levying of taxes . Residents may be familiar with examples such as building construction permits and liquor and malt beverage licenses . However , there are other types of non-tax revenue , such as interest earnings on investments , that are less visible . Generally , the two largest subclasses of non-tax revenue for the City of Pittsburgh come from intergovernmental sources and license and permit fees . Each year , the City of Pittsburgh receives funding from federal , state , and local government sources in the form of grants , aid , and reimbursements for services performed . For example , the Liquid Fuels Tax object account consists of funds received from the state and offsets some of the costs of road maintenance and road salt . Most intergovernmental funding comes from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in the form of pension aid . Local entities , such as the Pittsburgh Parking Authority and the Pittsburgh Water and Sewer Authority , and federal agencies also contribute to intergovernmental revenue . In utilizing this funding , the City 's goal is to enhance the quality of municipal services and reduce the City 's financial burden . Many City departments provide various services for which rent or fees are charged . Examples of these fees include payments for safety inspections , copying City documents , rents from City properties , and the use or sale of rights of way . In addition , the City is compensated for services provided to other municipalities and governmental entities . For example , Emergency Medical Services collects fees after it transports individuals to receive medical care . In 2022 , actual non-tax revenue totaled $ 165,191,649 , or 23.5 percent of total City revenue . How Does the City Spend Money ? The tax and non-tax revenue collected annually by the City of Pittsburgh is used to provide services to residents ranging from refuse pick-up to the regular maintenance of capital assets . Expenditures are monitored by department or division and by subclass . Major expenditures include health insurance costs , pension payments , and workers ’ compensation claims for City of Pittsburgh employees . The Operating Budget also pays the principal and interest costs associated with past and current issuance of debt generated by previous and ongoing capital projects and other programs .