important—and on such high-technology industries as computer software , industrial automation ( robotics ) , and biomedical and environmental technologies . Numerous industrial research laboratories were established in the area , and the service sector became increasingly important . Pittsburgh long has been one of the nation ’ s largest inland ports , and it remains a leading transportation centre . Duquesne University Student Union , Duquesne University , Pittsburgh . ( more ) Much of the Golden Triangle has been rebuilt and includes Point State Park ( containing Fort Pitt Blockhouse and Fort Pitt Museum ) , the Gateway Center ( site of several skyscrapers and a garden ) , and the David L. Lawrence Convention Center . The University of Pittsburgh was chartered in 1787 . Other educational institutions include Carnegie Mellon ( 1900 ) , Duquesne ( 1878 ) , Point Park ( 1960 ) , Chatham ( 1869 ) , and Carlow ( 1929 ) universities and two campuses of the Community College of Allegheny County ( 1966 ) . Are you a student ? Get a special academic rate on Britannica Premium . Subscribe Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh in 1901 . ( more ) Central to the city ’ s cultural life is the Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh ( formerly Carnegie Institute ) , an umbrella organization consisting of a number of institutions . Its museums include those for the fine arts and natural history ( both founded in 1895 ) , the Carnegie Science Center ( 1991 ) , which now also houses the Henry Buhl , Jr. , Planetarium and Observatory ( 1939 ) , and the Andy Warhol Museum ( 1994 ) , which exhibits the works of the Pittsburgh-born artist and filmmaker . Other institutions affiliated with the organization are the Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh , which contains more than 3.3 million volumes , and the Carnegie Music Hall . The Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra performs at Heinz Hall , a restored movie theatre . Phipps Conservatory and Botanical Gardens ( 1893 ) , which covers 15 acres ( 6 hectares ) , is noted for its extensive greenhouses . The city ’ s zoo , in the northeastern Highland Park neighbourhood , includes an aquarium . Two new sports venues opened in 2001 on the north bank of the Allegheny opposite the Golden Triangle : PNC Park is home of the Pirates , the city ’ s professional baseball team , and Acrisure Stadium houses the Steelers , its professional football team . The Penguins , Pittsburgh ’ s professional ice hockey team , plays at PPG Paints Arena . Popular summertime attractions include riverboat excursions on Pittsburgh ’ s waterways and Kennywood , an amusement park southeast of the city in West Mifflin . The Editors of Encyclopaedia Britannica This article was most recently revised and updated by Amy Tikkanen .