Carnegie Mellon University School of Music Upcoming Concerts and Events Monday , October 21 Guest Recital : Patricio Cosentino 21 Oct @ 07:30 pm | Kresge Theatre Guest Recital Patricio Cosentino , tubaCraig Knox , tubaVahan Sargsyan , piano Program : Halleyn Ruiz Polo Tuba limeña Bendetto Marcello Concerto in C minor for oboe Giancarlo Castro D'Addona Sonatina for tuba Adriana Figueroa Mañas Tango Image Carole Bayer Sager & David Foster The Prayer Billy May The green Hornet Astor Piazzolla Libertango Anna Baad Tuesday , October 22 Guest Masterclass : Escher String Quartet 22 Oct @ 09:30 am | Alumni Concert Hall Guest Masterclass : Escher String Quartet The Escher String Quartet has received acclaim for its profound musical insight and rare tonal beauty . A former BBC New Generation Artist and recipient of the Avery Fisher Career Grant , the quartet has performed at the BBC Proms at Cadogan Hall and is a regular guest at Wigmore Hall . In its home town of New Guest Masterclass : Sean Chen 22 Oct @ 07:30 pm | Kresge Theatre Guest Masterclass : Sean Chen Program : Johann Sebastian Bach Prelude and Fugue in E Major , Well-tempered Clavier Book 2 Ella Sumanaseni , Piano Franz Joseph Haydn Sonata No . 23 in F Major , Hob . XVI:23 Samantha Jin , Piano Frederic Chopin Ballade No . 2 in F Major , Opus 38 Ethan Kwong , Piano A “ thoughtf Monday , October 28 Carnegie Mellon Chamber Series : New Sounds 28 Oct @ 07:30 pm | Kresge Theatre Carnegie Mellon Chamber Series : New Sounds The Carnegie Mellon University Chamber Series brings together members of the CMU Faculty and Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra for outstanding music making in an intimate space . Program : Einojuhani Rautavaara Violin Fantasia Regi Papa , violin Sung-Im Kim , piano Philip Glass Quartet Saturday , November 2 Carnegie Mellon Philharmonic 02 Nov @ 08:00 pm | Kresge Theatre Carnegie Mellon Philharmonic Dimitri Papadimitrou , conductor Program : Sergei Prokofiev - Symphony No . 1 in D Major , Op . 25 W. A. Mozart - Piano Concerto No . 23 in A Major , k.488 Samuel Barber - Adagio for Strings Maurice Ravel - Le Tombeau de Couperin Cost : $ 10 Regular Admission $ 5 Senior Citizen ( 65+ ) AdmissionAll students , along with Friday , November 15 Student Recital : Alba Zguro 15 Nov @ 08:00 pm | Kresge Theatre Student Recital Alba Zguro , piano Program : TBA Cost : Free and open to the public ; No tickets required . Saturday , November 16 Carnegie Mellon Wind Ensemble 16 Nov @ 04:00 pm | Kresge Theatre Carnegie Mellon Wind Ensemble George Vosburgh , Director Stephen Story , Associate Director Ethan Carter , conductor The Carnegie Mellon Wind Ensemble utilizes a flexible instrumentation of winds , brass , and percussion to perform repertoire from standard concert band works to contemporary compositions of various instrumental combinations . Progra Student Recital : Jocelyn Selby 16 Nov @ 08:00 pm | Kresge Theatre Student Recital Jocelyn Selby , composition Program : TBA Cost : Free and open to the public ; No tickets required . Sunday , November 17 Carnegie Mellon Contemporary Ensemble 17 Nov @ 04:00 pm | Kresge Theatre Carnegie Mellon Contemporary Ensemble The Carnegie Mellon Contemporary Ensemble performs music composed in the last twenty years in concerts that feature multidisciplinary collaboration , technology , improvisation , and theatrical elements . The ensemble often highlights the work of students and faculty . Program : TBA Cost : Free and open to the p Wednesday , November 20 Student Recital : Yue Fei 20 Nov @ 04:30 pm | Kresge Theatre Student Recital Yue Fei , piano Program : TBA Cost : Free and open to the public ; No tickets required . Carnegie Mellon Guitar Ensemble 20 Nov @ 08:00 pm | Kresge Theatre Carnegie Mellon Guitar Ensemble The Carnegie Mellon Guitar Ensemble presents creatively expressive performances of duos , trios , quartets , and larger ensemble music from every major Western music style period . John Marcinizyn , director Program : TBA Cost : Free and open to the public ; Tickets required . Thursday , November 21 CMU Chorus & Singers 21 Nov @ 07:30 pm | Kresge Theatre CMU Chorus & Singers Thomas W. Douglas , director Program : TBA Cost : Free and open to the public ; Tickets required . Friday , November 22 Fall Composition Studio Concert 22 Nov @ 07:00 pm | Kresge Theatre Fall Composition Studio Concert Welcome to the Fall 2024 Composer 's Concert , showcasing both Undergraduate and Graduate students in the studios of Nancy Galbraith , R. James Whipple , and Dr. Katherine Pukinskis ! This concert will feature a wide array of chamber music , and is full of colors from each year of Undergraduate and Graduate . This is a spec Sunday , November 24 Percussion Studio Recital 24 Nov @ 12:00 pm | Alumni Concert Hall Percussion Studio Recital Program : TBA Cost : Free and open to the public ; No tickets required . Monday , December 2 Carnegie Mellon Jazz Orchestra & JIVE-Carnegie Mellon Jazz Choir 02 Dec @ 07:00 pm | Kresge Theatre Carnegie Mellon Jazz Orchestra & JIVE-Carnegie Mellon Jazz Choir The Carnegie Mellon School of Music Jazz Ensembles explore a variety of jazz genres , from traditional swing to current trends in jazz fusion and jazz chamber music , while also performing jazz classics in a big band style . Mark Snyder , Director of Carnegie Mellon Jazz OrchestraBetsy La Tuesday , December 3 Carnegie Mellon Chamber Series : Lorna McGhee back @ CMU ! 03 Dec @ 07:30 pm | Kresge Theatre Carnegie Mellon Chamber Series : Lorna McGhee back @ CMU ! The Carnegie Mellon University Chamber Series brings together members of the CMU Faculty and Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra for outstanding music making in an intimate space .