feature a wide array of chamber music , and is full of colors from each year of Undergraduate and Graduate . This is a spec Sunday , November 24 Percussion Studio Recital 24 Nov @ 12:00 pm | Alumni Concert Hall Percussion Studio Recital Program : TBA Cost : Free and open to the public ; No tickets required . Monday , December 2 Carnegie Mellon Jazz Orchestra & JIVE-Carnegie Mellon Jazz Choir 02 Dec @ 07:00 pm | Kresge Theatre Carnegie Mellon Jazz Orchestra & JIVE-Carnegie Mellon Jazz Choir The Carnegie Mellon School of Music Jazz Ensembles explore a variety of jazz genres , from traditional swing to current trends in jazz fusion and jazz chamber music , while also performing jazz classics in a big band style . Mark Snyder , Director of Carnegie Mellon Jazz OrchestraBetsy La Tuesday , December 3 Carnegie Mellon Chamber Series : Lorna McGhee back @ CMU ! 03 Dec @ 07:30 pm | Kresge Theatre Carnegie Mellon Chamber Series : Lorna McGhee back @ CMU ! The Carnegie Mellon University Chamber Series brings together members of the CMU Faculty and Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra for outstanding music making in an intimate space . Program : Amy Beach Theme and Variations for Flute and String Quartet , op.80 Lorna McGhee , flute Wednesday , December 4 Student Recital : Josephine Lee 04 Dec @ 02:00 pm | Kresge Theatre Student Recital Josephine Lee , fluteVahan Sargsyan , piano Program : TBA Cost : Free and open to the public ; No tickets required . Josephine Yoonji Lee is currently pursuing her Master of Music in Flute Performance at the Carnegie Mellon University School of Music in the studio of Lorna McGhee . She completed her undergraduate studies at the Oberlin C Thursday , December 5 Carnegie Mellon Philharmonic & Chorus 05 Dec @ 08:00 pm | Carnegie Music Hall Carnegie Mellon Philharmonic and Chorus Daniel Nesta Curtis , Interim Director of Orchestral StudiesThomas W. Douglas , Director of Choral and Opera StudiesJordan Holloway , guest conductor Program : Carter Pann - Slalom Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky - The Nutcracker Suite , Op . 71a P. I. Tchaikovsky/Duke Ellington/Billy Strayhorn ( orchestral adaptation by Friday , December 6 Carnegie Mellon Philharmonic & Chorus 06 Dec @ 12:00 pm | Great Hall Carnegie Mellon Philharmonic and Chorus Daniel Nesta Curtis , Interim Director of Orchestral StudiesThomas W. Douglas , Director of Choral and Opera Studies Program : George Frideric Handel - Selections from The Messiah Cost : Free and open to the public ; No tickets required . Student Recital : Joanna Lau 06 Dec @ 07:30 pm | Kresge Theatre Student Recital Joanna Lau , flute Vahan Sargsyan , piano Program : TBA Cost : Free and open to the public ; No tickets required . Thursday , December 12 Student Recital : Holly Romanelli 12 Dec @ 06:30 pm | Kresge Theatre Student Recital Holly Romanelli , soprano Sara Chiesa , piano Program : TBA Cost : Free and open to the public ; No tickets required . Saturday , January 11 Carnegie Mellon Chamber Series : Vadim Gluzman @ CMU ! 11 Jan @ 07:30 pm | Kresge Theatre Carnegie Mellon Chamber Series : Vadim Gluzman @ CMU ! The Carnegie Mellon University Chamber Series brings together members of the CMU Faculty and Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra for outstanding music making in an intimate space . Program : Silvestrov Five pieces for violin and piano Vadim Gluzman , violin Dimitri Papadimi Saturday , January 25 Carnegie Mellon Contemporary Ensemble 25 Jan @ 08:00 pm | Kresge Theatre Carnegie Mellon Contemporary Ensemble The Carnegie Mellon Contemporary Ensemble performs music composed in the last twenty years in concerts that feature multidisciplinary collaboration , technology , improvisation , and theatrical elements . The ensemble often highlights the work of students and faculty .