- 3 p.m . Event Thumbnail Introduction to Machine Learning With Python This workshop explores the fundamentals of machine learning using scikit-learn . Participants will learn essential techniques for data preparation , model building and evaluation through practical , hands-on exercises . [ map ] CMU Pantry 2 - 5 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 20 ) Event Thumbnail CMU Pantry Hours The CMU Pantry is a free resource that combats food insecurity by providing food assistance to CMU students and their dependents . [ map ] Well-being Lab ( Room 104 ) , Wellness & Meaning- ... 5 - 6:30 p.m . Event Thumbnail Introduction to Mindfulness Based Stress Reduction In these 1.5 hour sessions , participants will delve deeper into the definition of what mindfulness is and practice various forms of mindfulness . [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . [ map ] Hunt Library Gallery All Day Event Thumbnail Like , Totally Transformative : CMU in the 1980s This University Libraries ’ exhibit is a portal to the past , a snapshot of life on campus more than four decades ago as our world began to transform ! All Day Event Thumbnail Native American Heritage Month Friday , November 8 [ map ] Cohon University Center , Peter-Wright-McKenna Room ... 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. Dietrich College DEIB logo : abstract swirls of color Spark Conversations , Spark Change ! A Humanities and Social Sciences Research Symposium Join us for a dynamic research symposium exploring esteemed colleagues ’ latest work focusing on diversity , equity , inclusion and belonging ( DEIB ) through various topics and methodologies . [ map ] Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation , 5th Fl ... 9 a.m. - 5 p.m. M-F ( to Dec 17 ) Arisaema ringens , inflorescence , unfertilized fruits and foliage , scale ×1 [ Arisaema ringens ( Thunberg ) Schott , Araceae ] , watercolor on paper by Marianne Hazlewood ( Scotland ) , 2018 , 60.2 × 41.3 cm , reproduced by permission of the artist . 17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration This Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation exhibition includes 43 artworks by 43 artists representing 19 countries . [ map ] CMU Pantry Noon - 3 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 20 ) Event Thumbnail CMU Pantry Hours The CMU Pantry is a free resource that combats food insecurity by providing food assistance to CMU students and their dependents . Online Noon - 3 p.m . Event Thumbnail Engineering & Biotech Virtual Career Fair The Career & Professional Development Center and College of Engineering CMU students to attend the Engineering & Biotech Virtual Career Fair . 4 - 5:15 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 20 ) Event Thumbnail Black Women ’ s Support Group A supportive , virtual space for students who identify as Black women , facilitated by Black female therapists . [ map ] Well-being Lab ( Room 104 ) , First Floor , Highmark C ... 5 - 5:45 p.m . Event Thumbnail The Sangha Join in for a monthly reflective space to make connections with self and others , and to be a part of a supportive and nurturing community . 7 - 10 p.m. CMU Tartans logo ( Men ’ s Basketball ) La Roche vs. Carnegie Mellon [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . [ map ] Hunt Library Gallery All Day Event Thumbnail Like , Totally Transformative : CMU in the 1980s This University Libraries ’ exhibit is a portal to the past , a snapshot of life on campus more than four decades ago as our world began to transform ! All Day Event Thumbnail Native American Heritage Month Saturday , November 9 [ map ] CMU Pantry 10 a.m. - 1 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 20 ) Event Thumbnail CMU Pantry Hours The CMU Pantry is a free resource that combats food insecurity by providing food assistance to CMU students and their dependents . 11 a.m. - 2 p.m. CMU Tartans logo ( Women ’ s Volleyball ) Grove City vs. Carnegie Mellon Noon - 3 p.m. CMU Tartans logo ( Football ) Allegheny vs. Carnegie Mellon Allegheny College - Meadville , Pa. 2 - 5 p.m. CMU Tartans logo ( Women ’ s Basketball ) Penn State-Behrend vs. Carnegie Mellon 3 - 6 p.m. CMU Tartans logo ( Women ’ s Volleyball ) Oberlin vs. Carnegie Mellon [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . [ map ] Hunt Library Gallery All Day Event Thumbnail Like , Totally Transformative : CMU in the 1980s This University Libraries ’ exhibit is a portal to the past , a snapshot of life on campus more than four decades ago as our world began to transform !