by 43 artists representing 19 countries . [ map ] CMU Pantry 2 - 5 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 20 ) Event Thumbnail CMU Pantry Hours The CMU Pantry is a free resource that combats food insecurity by providing food assistance to CMU students and their dependents . 4 - 5 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 17 ) Event Thumbnail Invisible Fight : Chronic Illness Support Group Living with a chronic illness/medical condition can be an isolating experience . This support group is an opportunity for students who experience chronic conditions ( i.e . asthma , diabetes , autoimmune diseases , cancer , and others ) to gather in community for support and validation . [ map ] Morewood Gardens Group Room 6 - 7 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 10 ) Event Thumbnail LGBTQIA+ Support and Social Group Come join us at this safer space for LGBTQIA+ folks to socialize and support one another . [ map ] Hunt Library , Floor 1 , Studio A ( 106B ) 6 - 8 p.m. Weekly ( to Nov 20 ) An orange VR headset and orange video game controller hover in the air over a light blue background . Playtest Night Join us for Playtest Night , an ongoing event series where Entertainment Technology Center and IDeATe students make their project work available for playtesting by guests . 6 - 8:30 p.m . Event Thumbnail Spark—Startups and Emerging Companies Spark : Startups and Emerging Companies is an in-person networking event designed to provide a platform for small businesses and early-stage start-ups . Companies will share information about their company story , mission , and products . [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . [ map ] Hunt Library Gallery All Day Event Thumbnail Like , Totally Transformative : CMU in the 1980s This University Libraries ’ exhibit is a portal to the past , a snapshot of life on campus more than four decades ago as our world began to transform ! All Day Event Thumbnail Native American Heritage Month Wednesday , November 13 Online 9 - 10 a.m . Event Thumbnail Data for Citizen Science and Developing Community Data This workshop will identify how to best collect , ethically use and manage community-based data projects for citizen science use . [ map ] Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation , 5th Fl ... 9 a.m. - 5 p.m. M-F ( to Dec 17 ) Arisaema ringens , inflorescence , unfertilized fruits and foliage , scale ×1 [ Arisaema ringens ( Thunberg ) Schott , Araceae ] , watercolor on paper by Marianne Hazlewood ( Scotland ) , 2018 , 60.2 × 41.3 cm , reproduced by permission of the artist . 17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration This Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation exhibition includes 43 artworks by 43 artists representing 19 countries . Online 10 - 11:30 a.m . Event Thumbnail Getting Started With R and R Studio Part 2 This two-part introductory workshop aims to teach basic concepts , skills , and tools for working with data in R so that you can get more done in less time , and apply concepts of reproducibility to your research . [ map ] Swartz Center for Entrepreneurship , 3rd Level , Tep ... 12:30 - 1:30 p.m . Event Thumbnail Swartz Center for Entrepreneurship CONNECTS Seminar Series The CONNECTS seminar series enhances the experiential education of any individual interested in innovation and entrepreneurship . Online 3 - 4 p.m . Event Thumbnail Tips for Writing Literature Reviews Part 1 Are you getting stuck in the reading and writing for lit reviews ? Join this workshop to learn some tips for synthesizing information in a literature review or.in the introduction or discussion section of a research article . [ map ] Morewood Gardens Group Room 3:30 - 5 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 11 ) Event Thumbnail Gender in Process This is a supportive space for healing from internalized cissexism and transphobia , together . [ map ] Highmark Center for Health , Wellness and Athletics ... 4 - 5 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 13 ) Event Thumbnail Master ’ s Student Support Group The Master ’ s Student Support Group provides an opportunity for students to come together and discuss the unique experiences and challenges of being a Master ’ s student . [ map ] CMU Pantry 4:30 - 7:30 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 20 ) Event Thumbnail CMU Pantry Hours The CMU Pantry is a free resource that combats food insecurity by providing food assistance to CMU students and their dependents . [ map ] Simmons A , Tepper Building 5 - 6:15 p.m. Dr. Amanda Kraus Anti-Hate Series : Ableism Keynote This keynote address will explore how ableism appears in daily interactions and through systemic barriers , from subtle biases to broader societal challenges . 5:30 - 8:30 p.m. CMU Tartans logo ( Women ’ s Basketball ) Washington & Jefferson vs. Carnegie Mellon [ map ] Nexus of Civic Engagement , Cohon University Center ... 6 - 9 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 5 ) Scotty is a member of CMU Votes and encourages you to participate in democratic engagement events throughout the year . Voter Registration Assistance A member of the CMU Votes team will be available to help you register to vote , check your voter registration status , and/or find your polling place for the upcoming election .