43 artworks by 43 artists representing 19 countries . [ map ] CMU Pantry Noon - 3 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 20 ) Event Thumbnail CMU Pantry Hours The CMU Pantry is a free resource that combats food insecurity by providing food assistance to CMU students and their dependents . [ map ] Near the Concierge Desk , First Floor , Highmark Cen ... 2 - 4 p.m . Event Thumbnail Monthly Chair Massage Join us for a free five-minute chair massage on the first Friday of every month at the Highmark Center . 4 - 5:15 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 20 ) Event Thumbnail Black Women ’ s Support Group A supportive , virtual space for students who identify as Black women , facilitated by Black female therapists . [ map ] Frank-Ratchye STUDIO for Creative Inquiry , College ... 5:30 - 7 p.m . Event Thumbnail Marshall Reese & Antoni Muntadas “ Political Advertisement XI ” Screening and Q & A Reese and Muntadas will host a screening of their film “ Political Advertisement XI 1952-2024 ” followed by a Q & A moderated by Dr. Kathleen Newman of CMU ’ s Department of English . All Day All Saints ’ Day All Day Diwali All Day Día de los Muertos [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . [ map ] CMU Main Campus All Day Event Thumbnail Homecoming Weekend 2024 Calling all Tartans ! Homecoming has something for everyone to enjoy , including family-friendly activities , the annual Alumni Awards , the Homecoming football game and Spirit Day . [ map ] Hunt Library Gallery All Day Event Thumbnail Like , Totally Transformative : CMU in the 1980s This University Libraries ’ exhibit is a portal to the past , a snapshot of life on campus more than four decades ago as our world began to transform ! All Day Event Thumbnail Native American Heritage Month [ map ] Cohon University Center , Main Hallway All Day Scotty is a member of CMU Votes and encourages you to participate in democratic engagement events throughout the year . “ Your Vote , Your Future ” Exhibition Get inspired to vote by attending “ Your Vote , Your Future , ” an exhibition created by the School of Design ’ s third-year communication design students that emphasizes the power of voting and civic engagement . Saturday , November 2 [ map ] CMU Main Campus Midnight Event Thumbnail Homecoming Weekend 2024 Calling all Tartans ! Homecoming has something for everyone to enjoy , including family-friendly activities , the annual Alumni Awards , the Homecoming football game and Spirit Day . [ map ] CMU Pantry 10 a.m. - 1 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 20 ) Event Thumbnail CMU Pantry Hours The CMU Pantry is a free resource that combats food insecurity by providing food assistance to CMU students and their dependents . 1 - 4 p.m. CMU Tartans logo ( Football ) Westminster ( Pa. ) vs. Carnegie Mellon [ map ] Kresge Theatre , College of Fine Arts @ 5000 Forbes ... 8 - 10 p.m. CMU Philharmonic Carnegie Mellon Philharmonic All Day CMU Tartans logo ( M. Swimming and Diving ) Case Western Reserve University All Day CMU Tartans logo ( W. Swimming and Diving ) Case Western Reserve University All Day Anniversary of the Crowning of Haile Selassie [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . [ map ] Hunt Library Gallery All Day Event Thumbnail Like , Totally Transformative : CMU in the 1980s This University Libraries ’ exhibit is a portal to the past , a snapshot of life on campus more than four decades ago as our world began to transform ! All Day Event Thumbnail Native American Heritage Month [ map ] Cohon University Center , Main Hallway All Day Scotty is a member of CMU Votes and encourages you to participate in democratic engagement events throughout the year . “ Your Vote , Your Future ” Exhibition Get inspired to vote by attending “ Your Vote , Your Future , ” an exhibition created by the School of Design ’ s third-year communication design students that emphasizes the power of voting and civic engagement . Sunday , November 3 11 a.m. - 2 p.m. CMU Tartans logo ( Women ’ s Soccer ) New York U. vs. Carnegie Mellon 1:30 - 4:30 p.m. CMU Tartans logo ( Men ’ s Soccer ) New York U. vs. Carnegie Mellon [ map ] Nexus of Civic Engagement , Room 102 , Cohon Univers ... 4 - 7 p.m. Weekly ( to Nov 6 ) Scotty is a member of CMU Votes and encourages you to participate in democratic engagement events throughout the year . Voter Registration Assistance A member of the CMU Votes team will be available to help you register to vote , check your voter registration status , and/or find your polling place for the upcoming election [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city .