of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . [ map ] Hunt Library Gallery All Day Event Thumbnail Like , Totally Transformative : CMU in the 1980s This University Libraries ’ exhibit is a portal to the past , a snapshot of life on campus more than four decades ago as our world began to transform ! [ map ] Tepper School of Business All Day Meaningful Play 2024 The CMU Center for Transformational Play is hosting Meaningful Play for the first time in 2024 . All Day Event Thumbnail National Disability Employment Awareness Month All Day Sukkot [ map ] Cohon University Center , Main Hallway All Day Scotty is a member of CMU Votes and encourages you to participate in democratic engagement events throughout the year . “ Your Vote , Your Future ” Exhibition Get inspired to vote by attending “ Your Vote , Your Future , ” an exhibition created by the School of Design ’ s third-year communication design students that emphasizes the power of voting and civic engagement . Friday , October 18 [ map ] Tepper School of Business Midnight Meaningful Play 2024 The CMU Center for Transformational Play is hosting Meaningful Play for the first time in 2024 . [ map ] Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation , 5th Fl ... 9 a.m. - 5 p.m. M-F ( to Dec 17 ) Arisaema ringens , inflorescence , unfertilized fruits and foliage , scale ×1 [ Arisaema ringens ( Thunberg ) Schott , Araceae ] , watercolor on paper by Marianne Hazlewood ( Scotland ) , 2018 , 60.2 × 41.3 cm , reproduced by permission of the artist . 17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration This Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation exhibition includes 43 artworks by 43 artists representing 19 countries . [ map ] CMU Pantry Noon - 3 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 20 ) Event Thumbnail CMU Pantry Hours The CMU Pantry is a free resource that combats food insecurity by providing food assistance to CMU students and their dependents . 4 - 5:15 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 20 ) Event Thumbnail Black Women ’ s Support Group A supportive , virtual space for students who identify as Black women , facilitated by Black female therapists . All Day Event Thumbnail Fall Break ; No Classes [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . [ map ] Hunt Library Gallery All Day Event Thumbnail Like , Totally Transformative : CMU in the 1980s This University Libraries ’ exhibit is a portal to the past , a snapshot of life on campus more than four decades ago as our world began to transform ! All Day Event Thumbnail National Disability Employment Awareness Month All Day Sukkot [ map ] Cohon University Center , Main Hallway All Day Scotty is a member of CMU Votes and encourages you to participate in democratic engagement events throughout the year . “ Your Vote , Your Future ” Exhibition Get inspired to vote by attending “ Your Vote , Your Future , ” an exhibition created by the School of Design ’ s third-year communication design students that emphasizes the power of voting and civic engagement . Saturday , October 19 All Day CMU Tartans logo ( M. Swimming and Diving ) Washington and Lee University All Day CMU Tartans logo ( W. Swimming and Diving ) Washington and Lee University [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . Midnight Event Thumbnail Fall Break ; No Classes [ map ] CMU Pantry 10 a.m. - 1 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 20 ) Event Thumbnail CMU Pantry Hours The CMU Pantry is a free resource that combats food insecurity by providing food assistance to CMU students and their dependents . 11 a.m. - 2 p.m. CMU Tartans logo ( Women ’ s Soccer ) # 23 Emory vs. # 4 Carnegie Mellon 1:30 - 4:30 p.m. CMU Tartans logo ( Men ’ s Soccer ) Emory vs. Carnegie Mellon [ map ] Hunt Library Gallery All Day Event Thumbnail Like , Totally Transformative : CMU in the 1980s This University Libraries ’ exhibit is a portal to the past , a snapshot of life on campus more than four decades ago as our world began to transform ! All Day Event Thumbnail National Disability Employment Awareness Month All Day Sukkot [ map ] Cohon University Center , Main Hallway All Day Scotty is a member of CMU Votes and encourages you to participate in democratic engagement events throughout the year . “ Your Vote , Your Future ” Exhibition Get inspired to vote by attending “ Your Vote , Your Future , ” an exhibition created by the School of Design ’ s third-year communication design students that emphasizes the power of voting and civic engagement . Sunday , October 20 [ map ] Nexus of Civic Engagement , Room 102 , Cohon Univers ... 4 - 7 p.m. Weekly ( to Nov 6 ) Scotty is a member of CMU Votes and encourages you to participate in democratic engagement events throughout the year .