( to Dec 17 ) Arisaema ringens , inflorescence , unfertilized fruits and foliage , scale ×1 [ Arisaema ringens ( Thunberg ) Schott , Araceae ] , watercolor on paper by Marianne Hazlewood ( Scotland ) , 2018 , 60.2 × 41.3 cm , reproduced by permission of the artist . 17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration This Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation exhibition includes 43 artworks by 43 artists representing 19 countries . Well-being Lab ( Room 104 ) , Wellness & Meaning- ... Noon - 1 p.m . Event Thumbnail Monthly Gratitude Gathering Join us for a gratitude gathering on the first Wednesday of every month to pause , reflect and appreciate the goodness in our lives [ map ] Student Academic Success Center , Posner Hall 1st F ... 1:30 - 3 p.m . Event Thumbnail Provost ’ s Office Hours Provost Jim Garrett is holding monthly office hours for all faculty , staff and students . [ map ] Morewood Gardens Group Room 3:30 - 5 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 11 ) Event Thumbnail Gender in Process This is a supportive space for healing from internalized cissexism and transphobia , together . [ map ] Highmark Center for Health , Wellness and Athletics ... 4 - 5 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 13 ) Event Thumbnail Master ’ s Student Support Group The Master ’ s Student Support Group provides an opportunity for students to come together and discuss the unique experiences and challenges of being a Master ’ s student . [ map ] CMU Pantry 4:30 - 7:30 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 20 ) Event Thumbnail CMU Pantry Hours The CMU Pantry is a free resource that combats food insecurity by providing food assistance to CMU students and their dependents . [ map ] Nexus of Civic Engagement , Cohon University Center ... 6 - 9 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 5 ) Scotty is a member of CMU Votes and encourages you to participate in democratic engagement events throughout the year . Voter Registration Assistance A member of the CMU Votes team will be available to help you register to vote , check your voter registration status , and/or find your polling place for the upcoming election . Well-being Lab ( Room 104 ) , Wellness & Meaning- ... 7 - 8 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 12 ) Pause to Relax : Pet Therapy Paws to Relax : Weekly Pet Therapy Program Volunteers through Animal Friend ’ s Therapet program join us weekly on Wednesdays from 7-8 p.m. to offer some friendly dog companions for the hour . [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day Nativity Fast Thursday , December 5 [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day Nativity Fast [ map ] Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation , 5th Fl ... 9 a.m. - 5 p.m. M-F ( to Dec 17 ) Arisaema ringens , inflorescence , unfertilized fruits and foliage , scale ×1 [ Arisaema ringens ( Thunberg ) Schott , Araceae ] , watercolor on paper by Marianne Hazlewood ( Scotland ) , 2018 , 60.2 × 41.3 cm , reproduced by permission of the artist . 17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration This Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation exhibition includes 43 artworks by 43 artists representing 19 countries . [ map ] CMU Pantry 2 - 5 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 20 ) Event Thumbnail CMU Pantry Hours The CMU Pantry is a free resource that combats food insecurity by providing food assistance to CMU students and their dependents . [ map ] Carnegie Music Hall , Oakland @ 4400 Forbes Avenue , ... 8 - 10 p.m. CMU Philharmonic Carnegie Mellon Philharmonic & Chorus Friday , December 6 [ map ] Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation , 5th Fl ... 9 a.m. - 5 p.m. M-F ( to Dec 17 ) Arisaema ringens , inflorescence , unfertilized fruits and foliage , scale ×1 [ Arisaema ringens ( Thunberg ) Schott , Araceae ] , watercolor on paper by Marianne Hazlewood ( Scotland ) , 2018 , 60.2 × 41.3 cm , reproduced by permission of the artist . 17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration This Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation exhibition includes 43 artworks by 43 artists representing 19 countries . Great Hall , College of Fine Arts @ 5000 Forbes Ave ... Noon - 2 p.m. CMU Philharmonic Carnegie Mellon Philharmonic & Chorus [ map ] CMU Pantry Noon - 3 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 20 ) Event Thumbnail CMU Pantry Hours The CMU Pantry is a free resource that combats food insecurity by providing food assistance to CMU students and their dependents . 4 - 5:15 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 20 ) Event Thumbnail Black Women ’ s Support Group A supportive , virtual space for students who identify as Black women , facilitated by Black female therapists . [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city .