Friday , October 25 Midnight Shemini Atzeret Midnight Simchat Torah [ map ] Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation , 5th Fl ... 9 a.m. - 5 p.m. M-F ( to Dec 17 ) Arisaema ringens , inflorescence , unfertilized fruits and foliage , scale ×1 [ Arisaema ringens ( Thunberg ) Schott , Araceae ] , watercolor on paper by Marianne Hazlewood ( Scotland ) , 2018 , 60.2 × 41.3 cm , reproduced by permission of the artist . 17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration This Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation exhibition includes 43 artworks by 43 artists representing 19 countries . Online Noon - 1 p.m . Event Thumbnail Turning Big Ideas Into Issue One : Launching Your Open Access Journal This workshop ’ s goal is to help you draft a roadmap for your prospective new open access journal . [ map ] Posner Grand Room , Posner Hall 340 Noon - 1 p.m. 10-25-2024 Anika Walke Lecture From the Ghetto to the Forest : Surviving the Holocaust in Belarus In this lecture , Anika Walke discusses how Soviet Jews experienced the Holocaust and how they made sense of their lives many years later . [ map ] CMU Pantry Noon - 3 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 20 ) Event Thumbnail CMU Pantry Hours The CMU Pantry is a free resource that combats food insecurity by providing food assistance to CMU students and their dependents . [ map ] Hamburg Hall 12:30 - 1:30 p.m. Scotty is a member of CMU Votes and encourages you to participate in democratic engagement events throughout the year . Identity , Elections , and Representation : A Conversation with Dr. Nadia Brown on Black Women ’ s Politics [ map ] Hamburg Hall , A301 3 - 4:30 p.m . Event Thumbnail Workforce Resilience in a Changing Technological Landscape Explore how automation and other emerging technologies are impacting modern career paths and how policy can promote sustainable skill formation . 4 - 5:15 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 20 ) Event Thumbnail Black Women ’ s Support Group A supportive , virtual space for students who identify as Black women , facilitated by Black female therapists . [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . [ map ] Hunt Library Gallery All Day Event Thumbnail Like , Totally Transformative : CMU in the 1980s This University Libraries ’ exhibit is a portal to the past , a snapshot of life on campus more than four decades ago as our world began to transform ! All Day Event Thumbnail Mini-2 add , audit & tuition adjustment drop deadline All Day Event Thumbnail National Disability Employment Awareness Month [ map ] Cohon University Center , Main Hallway All Day Scotty is a member of CMU Votes and encourages you to participate in democratic engagement events throughout the year . “ Your Vote , Your Future ” Exhibition Get inspired to vote by attending “ Your Vote , Your Future , ” an exhibition created by the School of Design ’ s third-year communication design students that emphasizes the power of voting and civic engagement . Saturday , October 26 [ map ] CMU Pantry 10 a.m. - 1 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 20 ) Event Thumbnail CMU Pantry Hours The CMU Pantry is a free resource that combats food insecurity by providing food assistance to CMU students and their dependents . [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . [ map ] Hunt Library Gallery All Day Event Thumbnail Like , Totally Transformative : CMU in the 1980s This University Libraries ’ exhibit is a portal to the past , a snapshot of life on campus more than four decades ago as our world began to transform ! All Day Event Thumbnail National Disability Employment Awareness Month [ map ] Cohon University Center , Main Hallway All Day Scotty is a member of CMU Votes and encourages you to participate in democratic engagement events throughout the year . “ Your Vote , Your Future ” Exhibition Get inspired to vote by attending “ Your Vote , Your Future , ” an exhibition created by the School of Design ’ s third-year communication design students that emphasizes the power of voting and civic engagement . Sunday , October 27 Noon - 3 p.m. CMU Tartans logo ( Women ’ s Volleyball ) Case Western Reserve vs. Carnegie Mellon [ map ] Gesling Stadium 1:45 - 2:30 p.m . Event Thumbnail Halloween Trick or Treat with Tartan Football All faculty and staff with children , grandchildren or young family members are invited to join the Tartan football team for Halloween trick or treating at Gesling Stadium . 2 - 5 p.m. CMU Tartans logo ( Women ’ s Volleyball ) WashU vs. Carnegie Mellon [ map ] Nexus of Civic Engagement , Room 102 , Cohon Univers ... 4 - 7 p.m. Weekly ( to Nov 6 ) Scotty is a member of CMU Votes and encourages you to participate in democratic engagement events throughout the year .