highlights include one of the world ’ s largest collections of dinosaurs and halls showcasing African Wildlife , Ancient Egypt , 18th Century Art and so much more . Be sure to take a family photo with Dippy the Dinosaur out front , a Pittsburgh celebrity ! View this post on Instagram A post shared by Aaron Caldwell ( @ aac_creative ) Schenley Park Just south of Pitt and CMU campuses , Schenley Park one of the city ’ s biggest parks . For parents who like to stay active , the park is complete with scenic trails , a soccer field , a track and tennis/pickleball courts . Scenic trails sport boast stellar views of the city , especially Flagstaff Hill at the edge of CMU ’ s campus . Schenley is my favorite place to play pickup soccer . Phipps Conservatory Phipps is Oakland ’ s botanical hub . Very large yet very accessible , there are plenty of plant displays and lots of seasonal themes . It ’ s great for the younger siblings who want to take pics for their Instagram . It is located on Schenley Drive and is walkable from Pitt and CMU . View this post on Instagram A post shared by Alyssa Chance ( @ runthechance ) Neighborhoods If you had a long drive or just want to explore someplace new with loved ones , Pittsburgh is packed with walkable neighborhoods sure to have something for everyone . Squirrel Hill Squirrel Hill is a one-of-a-kind neighborhood that is very residential yet has a lot to explore . There 's unique coffee shops , tons of international flavors , upscale shops , cool arts and theatres and more . There are also a couple of churches and synagogues if you ’ re into exploring those . Lawrenceville/The Strip District Located Downtown along the Allegheny River , these two joint neighborhoods are favorites for people visiting the city . The Strip District has a ton of food and street shopping , including farmers ' markets and the new Terminal shopping area . Lawrenceville is revitalizing its industrial past with new attractions and nightlife . They also have a hidden gem , The Clemente Museum . Mount Washington Mount Washington is hands down the best view of the city . It ’ s been a go-to place for me to take people for a long time . Mount Washington has lots of overlooks , restaurants and the two inclines . Nightlife Pittsburgh Pirates Check out the nicest ballpark in MLB while in town ! The Pirates have home games every day from August 22-28 , 2024 ; including afternoon games Aug. 25 and 28 , plus Zambelli fireworks and the Hall of Fame game Aug. 24 . The Cincinnati Reds & Chicago Cubs will both be visiting . Win or lose , PNC Park is an awesome fan ( and foodie ) experience . The Incline Nothing quite says “ Pittsburgh ” like our Inclines . The Monongahela incline shows a great view of Downtown . Meanwhile , the Duquesne Incline down the road also has a great view of The North Shore and Point State Park . Gateway Clipper One of the best tours of the city on a Pittsburgh staple , the rivers ! The Gateway Clipper is a Riverboat that will go up and down the Monongahela and Allegheny Rivers . Slowly enough that you will get a unique perspective of the city . Oh No ! I Forgot Socks Do n't panic . There 's lots of stores nearby to grab anything you left at home including a Target , grocery stores and pharmacies all nearby . Target , 6231 Penn Ave , Pittsburgh , PA 15206 and Downtown at 482 Smithfield St , Pittsburgh , PA 15219 CVS , 3422 Forbes Ave , Pittsburgh , PA 15213 and Downtown at 242 Fifth Ave , Pittsburgh , PA 15222 Rite Aid , 519 Penn Ave , Pittsburgh , PA 15222 and Downtown locations at 100 Forbes Ave and 623 Smithfield St Giant Eagle , 1901 Murray Ave , Pittsburgh , PA 15217 Five Below , 440 Smithfield St. , Pittsburgh , PA 15219 Credit | Aimee Obidzinski Credit | Aimee Obidzinski 2024 College Move-In Days Just in case someone isn ’ t sure about their move in date , we plugged in this for you , too . Enjoy your stay in Pittsburgh ! Duquesne : Aug. 20 Pitt : Aug. 18-24 Carnegie Mellon : First year Aug. 17 , Upper Classmen is Aug. 21-25 Point Park : First year Aug. 17-18 . Transfer & Returning students Aug. 22-24 Chatham : New and transfer students Aug. 21 , returning students Aug. 24 Carlow : Aug. 21 for new students , Aug. 24 for returning students Credit | Aimee Obidzinski Credit | Aimee Obidzinski BURGH101 The content above was created by real college students for VisitPITTSBURGH as we amplify student voices and experiences in support of BURGH101 , a savings pass designed exclusively for Pittsburgh-area college students and their families . Sign up below for your free pass and start planning your adventures this semester ! Related Blogs Burgh Bound from Buffalo | Student Perspectives Learn More A Weekend Around Pittsburgh by Bus | Student Perspectives Learn More Feasting Through Pittsburgh : My Journey & Foodie Guide | Student Perspectives Learn More How to Ride the Pittsburgh Inclines Learn More Pittsburgh : A Great City for College Students Learn More Pittsburgh Dining Guide : Oakland Neighborhood Learn More Labor Day Weekend 2024 in Pittsburgh — The Ultimate Guide Learn More 5 Reasons Why the 2024 Backyard Brawl Will Continue to Live Up to the Hype Learn More Honoring + Savoring Latin American Culture at an Oakland Hub Learn More Author Jeremy M. Pitt Grad & VisitPITTSBURGH Contributor Former VisitPGH intern . Proud yinzer . Pitt grad . Currently pursuing a career in sports business .