celebrates Mary Cardwell Dawson and Black Opera in Pittsburgh Pittsburgh Opera to offer free childcare during La Traviata matinee Pittsburgh Opera announces its 86th Season Pittsburgh Opera announces first of its kind rideshare voucher program Pittsburgh Opera presents both old and new operas this winter Pittsburgh Opera presents beloved favorites , rare gems , and free concerts this fall Pittsburgh Opera announces new Board of Directors President and Members Pittsburgh Opera announces its 2023-24 Resident Artists Pittsburgh Opera 's 2023 Piano Sale is Aug. 24-27 Robert and Christine Pietrandrea commit $ 500,000 to sponsor Pittsburgh Opera productions Pittsburgh Opera presents two modern operas in May during international opera conference Emily Richter a Grand Finals Winner of Metropolitan Opera ’ s Laffont Competition Pittsburgh Opera presents two modern operas in May during international opera conference Close No Events EVENTS ‹ › Today Jump To : Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Do you have a child who can ’ t stop singing along with their favorite songs ? Does your child love to design , draw , and create ? Is your child interested in the magic that goes on backstage of a performance ? Then Bravo Academy is for YOU ! If you are an aspiring young singer , have a talent for creating the magic of the backstage world , or are a budding opera aficionado , this is the program for you ! Focusing on musical theater , opera , and art song favorites , Bravo Academy ensures that all participants will have a chance to shine in the limelight . Designed for rising 6th-9th graders and held in Pittsburgh Opera ’ s headquarters and professional performance space the Bitz Opera Factory , Bravo Academy offers two , 1-week programs ( 9:30 am – 12:30 pm ) where participants receive invaluable hands-on experiences with leading industry professionals and performers . All participants will take several fun and engaging classes including costume design , improvisation , voice , opera storytelling , movement , special effects/lighting design and SO MUCH MORE ! Your time at Bravo Academy will conclude with a showcase and performance where you can show off all the skills you learned during your time with us . Have a blast making new friends in a fun , fascinating environment this summer with Pittsburgh Opera in Bravo Academy ! Week 1 : Monday , July 15 , 2024 – Friday , July 19 , 2024 Week 2 : Monday , July 22 , 2024 – Friday , July 26 , 2024 For more information contact Rebekah Diaz via email or by phone at 412-281-0912 x256 . REGISTRATION FOR 2024 IS NOW OPEN ! This program is supported , in part , by the Greater Pittsburgh Arts Council through its Allegheny Arts Revival Grant . This project is supported in part by the National Endowment for the Arts . ( photo credit : David Bachman ) ( photo credit : David Bachman ) ( photo credit : David Bachman ) ( photo credit : David Bachman ) ( photo credit : David Bachman ) 2425 LIBERTY AVE. PITTSBURGH , PA 15222 P. 412-281-0912 Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Instagram Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Contact Us Directions & Parking Auditions Employment Media Releases Privacy Policy Site Map Board Of Directors Login BUY TICKETS GIVE NOW SUBSCRIBE ©2024 PITTSBURGH OPERA