States with almost 34 million short tons of river cargo in 2011 . It is the 9th-largest in the U.S. when measured in domestic trade . [ 27 ] Mass transit [ edit ] Pittsburgh Regional Transit light rail train at Washington Junction station in Bethel Park , Pennsylvania in March 2005 The Pittsburgh Regional Transit agency ( PRT ) is the largest mass transit service in the metro area and includes a 26-mile subway/light rail system , all serving the central core . This system is complemented by the Butler Transit Authority and Town & Country Transit to north destinations , Beaver County Transit Authority and New Castle Area Transit Authority to northwest destinations , Westmoreland County Transit Authority and IndiGo to eastern destinations , and Washington City Transit , Mid Mon Valley Transit Authority and Fayette Area Coordinated Transportation serving southern destinations . The University of Pittsburgh Transportation System also provides services in the eastern core of the metropolitan area while Mountain Line Transit serves the city , western suburbs and an express route south to Morgantown , West Virginia . A metro map of all fixed route transit routes for Pennsylvania counties can be found here . [ 28 ] Rail [ edit ] Amtrak serves the region with stops at Penn Station in Downtown Pittsburgh , Connellsville to the southeast and both Greensburg and Latrobe to the east . Freight rail is a major industry for the area with the Pittsburgh Line and the Conway Yard among other infrastructure serving the region . Interstate bus [ edit ] Both the Greyhound Lines and Megabus serve the area . Recreation and rail trails [ edit ] Deckers Creek Trail Great Allegheny Passage Mon River Trail Montour Trail Ohio River Trail Ohio River Water Trail Panhandle Trail Stavich Bike Trail Three Rivers Heritage Trail West Penn Trail Western Maryland Rail Trail Westmoreland Heritage Trail Wheeling Heritage Trails Culture [ edit ] Pittsburgh and its surrounding area has a distinct regional identity and has historically been regarded as a transitional region within the Northeastern United States . The region 's counties also fall within the borders of Appalachia as defined by the Appalachian Regional Commission . [ 29 ] The City of Pittsburgh has been characterized as the `` northern urban industrial anchor of Appalachia '' [ 30 ] : which makes it an anomaly compared to much of Appalachia which has traditionally been characterized as southern , rural , and economically distressed . [ 30 ] Joseph Scarpaci , professor emeritus of geography at Virginia Tech , [ 31 ] has described Pittsburgh as having `` one foot in the East ... and the other in the Midwest '' . [ 30 ] Barbara Johnstone , professor of rhetoric and linguistics at Carnegie Mellon University , ascribes this isolation and idiosyncratic cultural identity of the region to the difficulty of moving through the Allegheny Mountains and the Allegheny Plateau . The Pittsburgh area was sort of isolated . It was very hard to get back and forth across the mountains . There 's always been a sense that Pittsburgh was kind of a place unto itself—not really southern , not really Midwestern , not really part of Pennsylvania . People just did n't move very much . [ 32 ] In his 2009 book , The Paris of Appalachia , Pittsburgh Post-Gazette writer Brian O'Neill meditates on this aspect of Pittsburgh 's regional and cultural ambiguity . The title of the book is intentionally provocative : `` The Paris of Appalachia '' some have called Pittsburgh derisively , because it 's still the largest city along this gorgeous mountain chain that needs a better press agent . I 've long felt we should embrace that title , though few are with me . Several tried to talk me out of slapping it on the cover , but were we called `` The Paris of the Rockies , '' we would n't run from it . Sometimes we 're so afraid of what others think , we 're afraid to say who we are . This city is not Midwestern . It 's not East Coast . It 's just Pittsburgh , and there 's no place like it . That 's both its blessing and its curse . [ 33 ] Arts [ edit ] Visual arts [ edit ] Greater Pittsburgh is home to several museums , galleries , and organizations which promote appreciation for the visual arts . The largest art museum in the region is the Carnegie Museum of Art , founded in 1895 by industrialist Andrew Carnegie and located in Pittsburgh 's Oakland neighborhood . It is renowned for its collections of 19th and 20th century decorative art , Japanese prints , and old master prints . [ 34 ] Contemporary art museums include the Mattress Factory and the Andy Warhol Museum , both located on Pittsburgh 's North Side . [ 35 ] [ 36 ] Other regional visual arts museums include : [ 37 ] [ 38 ] Frick Art and Historical Center ( Point Breeze , Pittsburgh ) Contemporary Craft ( Strip District , Pittsburgh ) ToonSeum ( Downtown , Pittsburgh ) Westmoreland Museum of American Art ( Greensburg ) Southern Alleghenies Museum of Art ( Multiple locations - Loretto , Ligonier Valley , Johnstown , and Altoona ) [ 39 ] The Maridon Museum ( Butler ) University Museum at Indiana University of Pennsylvania ( Indiana ) Hoyt Institute of Fine Arts ( New Castle ) Venango Museum of Art , Science , and Industry ( Oil City ) Palmer Museum of Art ( University Park ) Erie Art Museum ( Erie ) Juniata College Museum of Art ( Huntingdon ) Art Museum of West Virginia University ( Morgantown ) Sports and recreation [ edit ] Main article : Sports in Pittsburgh PNC Park in the North Shore neighborhood , home of the Pittsburgh Pirates baseball team since 2001 The Pittsburgh area served as a launchpad for the professionalization of both American football and ice hockey in the 1890s and 1900s .