Pittsburgh , learning about the history of the city , discovering beautiful squares and pieces of architecture , while getting to see all the festive holiday lights and decorations . Experience the world 's largest pickle ornament , a unique gingerbread house display , a replica of the crèche from Vatican City , and much more ! The grand finale of the tour will be a big Christmas tree surrounded by an ice rink , and last but not least : The central holiday market in town ! Roger Jacoby : Pittsburgh Stories Oct 25 , 2024 - Jan 5 , 2025 Wood Street Galleries 601 Wood St Pittsburgh , PA 15222 EVENT WEBSITE Wood Street Galleries is pleased to present the world premiere of three newly restored experimental films by Roger Jacoby ( b . New York , 1944–1985 ) , a pivotal figure bridging the pre- and post-liberation eras of gay experimental filmmaking . This exhibition is the inaugural project in a series of exhibitions and programs dedicated to historic artists who have created significant work in , about , or influenced by the city of Pittsburgh , specifically in the field of time-based or experimental media . Roger Jacoby 's career as a filmmaker spanned from 1972 until his untimely death from AIDS in 1985 , during which he completed eight films—all produced in Pittsburgh . Originally trained as a painter and classical pianist , Jacoby 's artistic journey took a transformative turn through his work as a gallery assistant for his aunt , Rose Fried . This role introduced him to New York ’ s vibrant artistic circles , including Andy Warhol ’ s Factory , where he met his long-time partner , the Warhol Superstar Ondine . Encouraged by filmmaker Marie Menken , who gifted him his first film camera , Jacoby began experimenting with film around 1970 . Seeking a change in environment , he and Ondine relocated to Pittsburgh in 1972 , where Jacoby found a job playing piano for silent films at the Carnegie Museum of Art . There , he connected with Sally Dixon , the museum ’ s pioneering Film Department founder , who introduced him to the Pittsburgh Filmmakers , then based at the Selma Burke Art Center , a key gathering place for local artists . Jacoby ’ s approach to filmmaking was both practical and deeply personal . He began processing his film footage in his own bathroom , using his bathtub as a makeshift darkroom . Even after receiving a National Endowment for the Arts grant in 1972 to acquire more advanced equipment , Jacoby continued hand-processing his films , embracing the unique , handcrafted qualities that became the hallmark of his work . Over the past three years , The Berkely Art Museum and Pacific Film Archive have meticulously transferred and restored a selection of Jacoby 's early films , with support from the Avant-Garde Masters Grants awarded by The Film Foundation and the National Film Preservation Foundation . On view at Wood Street Galleries from October 2024 through January 2025 are Dream Sphinx Opera ( 1973 ) and L ’ Amico Fried ’ s Glamorous Friends ( 1976 ) , which showcase Jacoby 's innovative use of hand-processing techniques to manipulate film emulsion , resulting in striking abstract imagery . These films feature appearances by Sally Dixon and Ondine , along with other members of Pittsburgh 's art and film communities , set against backdrops that include Phipps Conservatory , Carnegie Music Hall , the Carnegie Museum of Natural History , and various domestic spaces , including Jacoby ’ s own apartment on Walnut Street in Shadyside . Also on view will be How to Be a Homosexual Part I ( 1980 ) , in which Jacoby turns his camera on his own community . This film captures intimate portraits of his sister and mother , a deaf friend , and a gay couple from the Gay Activist Alliance , revealing the personal and communal aspects of Jacoby 's work . These films , marked by Jacoby 's characteristic blending of avant-garde techniques and personal narrative , offer a compelling window into the life and artistic vision of a filmmaker whose work remains a vital part of Pittsburgh 's cultural legacy .