by oath or affirmation by the Producer if a natural person , and in the case of an association by a member or partner thereof , and in the case of a corporation by an executive officer thereof , or some natural person specifically authorized by the corporation to sign the application , to which shall be attached the written evidence of his or her authority . ISSUANCE AND USE – upon approval of the application and payment of the fees required by law , the Treasurer shall issue to each applicant an amusement permit for each place of amusement within the City set forth in his or her application . Amusement permits shall not be assignable , shall be valid only for the persons in whose names issued and for the conduct of amusements at the places designated therein , and shall at all times be conspicuously displayed at the places for which issued . PERMIT SUSPENSION – the Treasurer may suspend or after hearing revoke an amusement permit whenever he or she finds the permittee has failed to comply with any of the provisions of Title Two , Art icle VII , Chapter 241 of the Code . Upon suspending or revoking any amusement permit the Treasurer shall request that the permittee surrender to him or her immediately all permits and duplicates thereof issued to him or her . The permittee shall surrender promptly all permits to the Treasurer as requested . Whenever the Treasurer suspends an amusement permit , he or she shall notify the permittee immediately and afford him or her a hearing if desired . After the hearing and for good cause , the Treasurer may either rescind or continue the order of suspension and revoke the permit . 9 SECTION 103 – PERMIT APPLICATION , ISSUANCE AND USE 1 . APPLICATIONS – every Producer desiring to begin or continue to conduct any amusement within the City shall file an application for a permanent , temporary or itinerant amusement permit with the Bureau of Building Inspection . 2 . FORMAT – every application for a permit shall be made upon a form prescribed , prepared and furnished by the City , and shall set forth the name under which the applicant conducts or intends to conduct a permanent or temporary place of amusement . PERMIT APPLICATION – applications must be filed at least thirty ( 30 ) days prior to any activity with necessary information in order to ensure timely issuance . Anyone who conducts a place of amusement or is a Producer of amusements shall obtain a license from the Bureau of Building Inspections at : Bureau of Building Inspection - City Licensing and Permits Office 200 Ross St Room 320 – Pittsburgh PA 15219 412-255-2175 www.city.pittsburgh.pa.us/bbi 10 ARTICLE II COMPUTATION OF TAX SECTION 201 – GENERAL REQUIREMENTS a . The Amusement Tax is imposed upon the patron of any amusement for the privilege of attending or engaging in any amusement at a rate of five ( 5 % ) percent of admission fees ( Pittsburgh Code § 241.04 ) . The tax rate on amusements shall not exceed the rate allowed under the Second Class Code , 16 P.S . § 6171 -B ( a ) ( 3 ) . b . The Amusement activities taxed include all forms of entertainment – such as sports events , music concerts and movies – and recreational activities – such as tennis , golf , and swimming . However , Exempt Amusements shall not be subject to tax . c. Special rules apply to events or affairs sponsored by nonprofit organizations when members of the general public are admitted . Where admission is obtained to any amusement solely or partly by a donation , contribution and other monetary charge , the established price for amusement for purposes of the tax shall be twenty -five ( 25 % ) percent of the total donation , contribution and other monetary charge . Events or affairs sponsored by nonprofit organizations only for members and their guests at which the admission charges or contribution approximate the expenses and the net proceeds benefit the nonprofit organization are Exempt Amusements . Exempt Performing Arts Productions shall not be subject to the Amusement Tax , except as otherwise provide d. d. While the tax is imposed on the admission fee charged to patrons , the Producers of the activity are responsible for collecting the tax , filing the tax returns and remitting the tax to the City of Pittsburgh . To this end , Producers shall file monthly reports with the City Treasurer on or before the fifteenth day of the following month , reporting the preceding month on forms provided by the Treasurer ( Pittsburgh Cod e 241.05 ) . If any Producer neglects or fails to comply a penalty of five ( 5 ) percent of the amount of tax will be added to the liability each month . The interest rate for late payments will be one ( 1 % ) per month ( Pittsburgh Code 241.05 ) . e. Producers of temporary places of amusement shall file reports after each performance ( Pittsburgh Code 241.05 ( e ) . An amusement permit is required prior to beginning or conducting any form of amusement at any place , temporary or permanent . 11 SECTION 202 – WHO MUST FILE A RETURN – REGISTRATION a . The City Code , Title Two , Article VII , Chapter 241 imposes a tax on the admissions to any place of amusement . The Producer is responsible to collect the amusement tax and remit it to the City of Pittsburgh . b .