are served and there is no fixed charge for admission , the Amusement Tax will be based on 10 % of the total amount paid for food and drink . For example , if a check for food and drink by a party of four amounts to $ 80.00 , the admission charge is 10 % of the total check , or $ 8.00 . $ 8.00 admission charge X 5 % = $ .40 Amusement Tax . 2 . If a cover is required , such charge shall be considered as the regular established price paid for admission and is taxable as such . If a total bill exceeds the cover charge , the total charge is taxable if it in fact represents a charge for admission . If the same charge is made to the person using or furnishing his own property or equipment as where property or equipment is furnished by the management , such charge is an amount paid for admission and subject to tax . If a lesser charge is made to persons who do not desire to use the property or services offered , the lesser charge represents the admission charge . 3 . Donations and contributions are taxable as admission charges when the amount of the donation and contributions are stated and when such donations or contributions entitle the donor or contributors to attend or engage in an amusement . f. TAX ON FREE OR REDUCED ADMISSION 1 . A bona fide employee of the management of the theatre or other places , is not liable for the tax if admitted free , but if admitted at a reduced rate , is liable for the tax on the reduced price . Bona fide employees are : ( a ) Those persons , including directors and officers , regularly employed by the proprietor of the place or attraction or regularly engaged in work or business transacted there , whether their duties require admission to the place or not , and whether on duty at the time admitted or not . ( b ) Other persons whose admission to the place is required for the performance of some duty to , or work for , the proprietor . 2 . Newspaper reporters , photographers , radio announcers , inspectors and persons of similar vocation who are admitted free to any place for the performance of special duties in connection with an event and whose special duties are the sole reason for their presence and given free admission , are not liable for any tax on admission . Free admissions granted to such persons who are not admitted solely for the purpose of performing their special duties in connection with the event are subject to the tax equivalent to the tax on the admission charge paid by other persons for the same or similar accommodations . 13 3 . The tax imposed upon such free or reduced admissions shall be paid and collected at the time such persons are admitted . In the event that tickets or cards of admission to the particular performance are not issued but admission is secured by the presentation of a life , annual , season , weekly , or daily pass , the Producer shall keep a record of such admission and the date upon which such privilege was exercised . g. TAX ON LEASES OR PERMANENT USES 1 . Where a person has a permanent use or lease for the use of a box or seat in any place of amusement , the tax is computed upon the amount actually paid for such use or lease . 2 . The tax imposed upon leases for the permanent use of boxes or seats shall be collected at the time such lease is entered into , such tax to be paid by the lessee or holder . 3 . In the case of subscription tickets the tax is levied on the value of the ticket acquired and not on any contribution made by the purchaser . 14 ARTICLE III COLLECTION AT SOURCE SECTION 301 – COLLECTION AND PAYMENT OF TAX a . PRODUCERS – Producers shall collect the tax imposed herein and shall be liable to the City ’ s agents thereof for the payment of the same to the City . If , however , any Producer fails to make any report or payment as herein required , an additional five ( 5 % ) percent of the amount of the tax shall be added by the Treasurer and collected as a penalty for each month or fraction thereof during which the tax remains unpaid , together with interest at the rate set forth in Chapter 209 of the Pittsburgh Code . ( Ord . 38 -1991 , eff 11 -25-91 ) . b . TEMPORARY AMUSEMENTS – where permits are obtained for conducting temporary amusements by persons who are not the owners , lessees or custodians of the places where the amusements are to be conducted , or where the temporary amusement is permitted by the owner , lessee or custodian of any place to be conducted without obtaining permits required herein , the tax imposed shall be paid by the owner , lessee or custodian of the place where the temporary amusement is conducted , unless paid by the Producer conducting the amusement c. SEASON TICKETS – where patrons have the use of boxes or seats pursuant to section 241.04 ( c ) of the Pittsburgh Code and are required to pay the entire season price at the time the seating is acquired , the Producer shall collect the tax imposed herein and remit it at the time the reservation of the seating is made by the patron , that is , in advance of the season ’ s amusement .