Such action may include obtaining additional information , auditing Producer records , entering into a settlement of the disputed amount of the tax , or obtaining liens on the Producer ’ s property , wage attachments , levies , and seizures and sales of the taxpayer ’ s property in appropriate circumstances . The Treasurer may enter into a written agreement with the Producer for payment of the tax in installments if the Treasurer believes that such an agreement will facilitate collection . The Treasurer may also impose interest and applicable penalties on the tax due , and may seek cri minal charges in appropriate circumstances . SECTION 502 – SUITS FOR RECOVERY OF UNPAID TAXES The Treasurer may sue in the name of the City of Pittsburgh , in law or in equity , for the recovery of those taxes due and unpaid under the provisions of the Amusement Tax , to compel the production of records or to enforce any other provisions of the law . Such suits may also be brought against Responsible Persons . SECTION 503 - LIMITATIONS a . The following periods of limitations shall apply to suits for collection of taxes . 1 . When a return has been filed but no tax paid , any suit brought to recover the tax due and unpaid shall be filed within three ( 3 ) years after the return was due or filed , whichever is later . Where no return was filed , there shall be no limit to file suit for the collection of taxes . 2 . In the case of a deficiency assessment , suit shall be filed within three ( 3 ) years after the assessment has been made . b . The limitations set forth in paragraph ( a ) shall not prevent the institution of a suit for the collection of any tax due or determined to be due in the following cases : 1 . When no return was filed , there is no limitation . 2 . When the return is fraudulent , there is no limitation . 21 3 . When there is an understatement of tax liability of twenty -five ( 25 % ) or more , and not due to fraud , suit must be begun within six ( 6 ) years . c. A return filed before the due date is deemed to be filed on the due date . SECTION 504 – PENALTY AND INTEREST a . Producers must collect the tax imposed herein and shall be liable to the City of Pittsburgh for the payment of the tax . If , however , any Producer shall fail to make any report and payment as herein required a penalty at the rate of five ( 5 % ) percent per month for each month or a fraction of a whole month on the amount of tax and interest of one ( 1 % ) percent per month for each month or fraction of a whole month during the period in which the tax remains unpaid shall be added to the tax . In no event shall the interest rate assessed exceed the maximum rate allowed by the Municipal Claims and Tax Liens Act , 53 P.S . 7143 , or applicable law . b . There is no limit , or cut off point , for applying penalty and interest c. Penalty and Interest on Deficiency Assessment . d. On any additional tax determined to be due as a result of a deficiency assessment , penalty and interest will be assessed from the day the tax should have been paid to the date of payment . Penalty and interest is calculated as described above in the applicable portion of Section 504 ( a ) . e. Where suit is brought for the recovery of such tax , the person liable therefore shall , in addition , be liable for the costs of collection and the interest and penalties herein imposed . Once due and owing , penalty and interest become part of the tax and shall be collected as such . A person ’ s belief that no tax is due and owing , or the failure of any person to receive or obtain the forms required for making the returns required under the City Code is not a valid defense to the imposition of penalties herein for violation . Good faith shall not be a defense to the imposition of penalty . SECTION 505 – FINES AND PENALTIES FOR VIOLATION OF APPLICABLE PROVISIONS OF TITLE TWO , PITTSBURGH CODE a . Violations – No person shall : 1 . Fail , neglect , or refuse to make any declaration or file a return required under the City Code . 2 . Refuse to permit the Treasurer or his/her designee to examine the books , records or accounts of any business , taxable or otherwise , to determine liability . 3 . Make any incomplete , false or fraudulent return or attempt to do anything to avoid full disclosure of the amount of tax due to avoid payment in whole or in part , of the Amusement Tax . 4 . Divulge information , which is confidential under Chapter 201.06 of the City Code . 5 . Fail to make any payment when it is due . 22 b . In addition to any other penalties or enforcement proceedings provided for by ordinance for the collection and enforcement of taxes : 1 .