a multiemployer plan or trust ; including any qualified plan or trust described under ; 26 U.S. C. § 501 ( c ) ( 22 ) ; 26 U.S.C . § 501 ( c ) ( 24 ) ; or 26 U.S.C . § § 501 ( c ) ( 25 ) ( C ) ( i ) , ( ii ) or ( iii ) ; ( 7 ) Any regulated financial institution under the Tax Reform Code of 1971 , 72 P.S . § 7401 ( 6 ) ; and . ( 8 ) Any organization exempt from tax under 26 U.S.C . 501 , which is not listed in the classes of Taxable Institutions under Section 101 ( e ) of these Regulations . ( c ) `` Gross Receipts `` - cash , credits , property of any kind or nature received in or allocable to the City of Pittsburgh from an y Institution by reason of any S ervic e rendered in the City , without deduction therefrom on account of property sold , materials used , labor , service , or other cost , interest or discount paid , or any other expense . ( 1 ) “ Gross Receipts '' shall include payments from insurance or other third-party paym ents for the cost of S ervice ; ( 2 ) “ Gross Receipts ” shall include payments for Service rendered to affiliates or subsidiaries . ( 3 ) “ Gross Receipts ” shall include any payment , income , grants , or other aid from federal , state or local governments , includin g the Medicare and Medicaid Programs as well as Pennsylvania General Assistance . -6- ( 4 ) “ Gross Receipts ” shall exclude receipts subject to the City Mercantile License Tax , the City Business Privilege Tax , the Earned Income Tax , or any taxes collect ed as an agent for any government ( such as sales taxes ) . At this time , the City does not collect any Mercantile License Tax or Business Privilege Tax . ( 5 ) “ Gross Receipts ” shall exclude membership fees , dues of the members of the Institution , voluntary or charitable contributions unrelated to individual service or assessments which fall equally upon all members . Local Tax Enabling Act , 53 P.S . § 6924.301.1 ( f ) ( 7 ) . However , individual charges for service to a member or non-member of an Institution are not membership fees but Gross Receipts subject to Tax . ( 6 ) Donations , dues , and receipts associated with religious services received by religious organizations , are excluded from “ Gross Receipts. ” Non -religious activities of religious organizations , i.e . bingo , bazaars , etc . are excluded from “ Gross Receipts ” unless the organizers and/or operators of such activities are paid for rendering such services . ( 7 ) “ Gross Receipts ” shall exclude receipts attributab le to activities sponsored and conducted solely and completely by and for the entity by unpaid volunteers . ( 8 ) “ Gross Receipts ” shall exclude receipts of Exempt Institutions . ( 9 ) “ Gross Receipts ” shall exclude any receipts which the City is prohibiting fro m taxing by reason of federal law , the Constitution of the United States , or the laws Commonwealth . Any person making such as claim shall provide on its tax return a short citation to applicable case or statutory law that is the basis for the exemption cl aim . ( 10 ) “ Gross Receipts ” that are excluded from Tax are called “ Exempt Receipts . ” ( d ) `` Person `` - any foundation , partnership , corporation , charitable trust , limited liability company , unincorporated association or any other organization operating under a non -profit charter or organized as a non -profit charter or organized as a non -profit entity , which provides Service to the public or to any select or limited number thereof . Examples of entities organized as a non -profit entity include , non - profit corporations formed under the Non-Profit Corporation Law of 1988 , 15 Pa.C.S . § 5101 , or any predecessor or successor law , or the Pennsylvania Uniform Unincorporated Nonprofit Association Law , 15 Pa.C.S . § 9111 , or any predecessor or successor law . ( 1 ) The word “ person ” includes an y incorporated or unincorporated entity , trust , or foundation , which provides a taxable Service , which is exempt from the Corporate Net Income tax under 72 P.S . § 7401 ( 1 ) 3 and § 7401 ( 1 ) 4 ( i ) , and which is a member of one of following classes of non-profit entities described under 26 U.S.C . § 501 : ( i ) corporations or other organizations exempt under 26 U.S.C . § 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) ( such as religious , charitable , scientific , or sporting organizations ) ; -7- ( ii ) organizations that would qualify for exemption under 26 U.S.C . § 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) but are excused from applying for recognition under 26 U.S.C . § 508 ( c ) ( 1 ) ( A ) or § 508 ( c ) ( 2 ) ( such as some religious organizations ) ; ( iii ) civic leagues , public advocacy , or social welfare organizations exempt under 26 U.S.C . § 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) ; ( iv ) labor , agricultural , or horticultural organizations exempt under 26 U.S.C . § 501 ( c ) ( 5 ) ; ( v ) business leagues , chambers of commerce , boards of trade ( but expressly excluding professional football leagues ) exempt under 26 U.S.C .