in the United States , the Taxpayer may approach the Treasurer for a ruling to avoid this double taxation , such as receiving a credit for gross receipts or privilege taxes paid elsewhere , or by a modification of the City apportionment percentage . No credit will be granted by the City for net income taxes , excise taxes , or transaction taxes paid to another jurisdiction . -15-ARTICLE V SUITS FOR COLLECTION , PENALTIES , ETC . Section 501 . — Suits for Recovery of Unpaid T axes . ( a ) The following periods of limitations shall apply to suits for collection of taxes . ( 1 ) When a return has been filed but no tax paid , any suit brought to recover the tax due and unpaid shall be filed within three ( 3 ) years after the return was due or filed , whichever is later . Where no return was filed , there shall be no limit to file suit for the collection of taxes . ( 2 ) In the case of a deficiency assessment , suit shall be filed within three ( 3 ) years after the assessment has been made . ( b ) The limitations set forth in paragraph ( a ) shall not prevent the institution of a suit for the collection of any ta x due or determined to be due in the following cases : ( 1 ) When no return was filed , there is no limitation . ( 2 ) When the return is fraudulent , there is no limitation . ( 3 ) When there is an understatement of tax liability of twenty -five ( 25 % ) or more , and not due to fra ud , suit must be begun within six ( 6 ) years . ( 4 ) A return filed before the due date is deemed to be filed on the due date . Section 502 . — Penalty and Interest for N on-payment . ( a ) If , however , any Taxpayer shall fail to make any report and payment as herein required a penalty at the rate of one-half of one percent ( 0.5 % ) per month for each month or a fraction of a whole month on the amount of tax and interest of one ( 1 % ) percent per month for each month or fraction of a whole month during the period in which the tax remains unpaid shall be added to the tax . In no event shall the interest rate assessed exceed the maximum rate allowed by the Municipal Claims and Tax Liens Act , 53 P.S . §7143 , or applicable law . ( b ) There is no limit or cut off point , for applying penalty and interest . ( c ) On any additional tax determined to be due as a result of a deficiency assessment , penalty and interest will be assessed from the day the tax should have been paid to t he date of payment . Penalty and interest is calculated as described above . ( d ) Where suit is brought for the recovery of such tax , the person liable therefore shall , in addition , be liable for the costs of collection and the interest and penalties herein impo sed . Once due and owing , penalty and interest become part of the tax and shall be collected as such . A person ’ s belief that no tax is due and owing , or the failure of any person to receive or obtain the forms required for making the returns required under the City Code is not a valid defense to the imposition of penalties herein for violation . Good faith shall not be a defense to the imposition of penalty . -16-Section 503 . – Fines and Penalties for Violation of Act . ( a ) Whoever willfully makes any false or untrue statement on the return shall , upon summary conviction thereof , be sentenced to pay a fine of not more than five hundred dollars ( $ 500.00 ) or to undergo imprisonment for not more than thirty ( 30 ) days . ( b ) Whoever willfully fails or refuses to appear before the Treasurer , in person with his books , records or accounts for examination when required under the provisions of the Institution and Service Privilege Tax Ordinance , to do so , or who willfully refuses to permit inspection of the books , records or accounts of any services in custody or control , when the right to make such inspection by the Treasurer is requested , shall upon summary conviction thereof , be sentenced to pay a fine of not more than Five Hundred Dollars ( $ 500.00 ) , or to undergo imprisonm ent for not more than thirty ( 30 ) days . ( c ) Whoever willfully fails or refuses to file a return required by the Instit ution and Service Privilege Tax Ordinance , shall , upon summary conviction thereof , be sentenced to pay a fine of not more than Five Hundred Dollars ( $ 500.00 ) , or undergo imprisonment for not more than thirty ( 30 ) days . Section 504 . – Remedies Not Mutually Exclusive The remedies provided in this Article are not mutually exclusive . The utilization by the Treasurer of one remedy does n ot preclude utilization of the other . Moreover , use of either or both of the remedies provided in these Sections does not preclude the use by the City of Pittsburgh of any other legal or administrative procedure which can bring about compliance by the Taxp ayer with the provisions of Chapter 241 of the Pittsburgh Code and these regulations . Once it has been determined that that a Taxpayer owes a tax , the Treasurer will take all actions legally permitted to enforce its claim .