ID number , and the employer ’ s City account number . -9-  The summary must include an employee ’ s name , Social Security number , wages , address and the amount of Local Service Tax withheld and paid to Pittsburgh for the complete calendar year .  Please see the LST tax form at www.city.pittsburgh.pa.us/finance for the format to use on CD .  Concurrent Employment . If a taxpayer has two or more jobs in different political subdivisions during a payroll period , the priority of claim to collect the LST is as follows : 1 . Where the taxpayer maintains his principal office or is principally employed ; 2 . Where the taxpayer resides and works ; and 3 . Where the taxpayer is employed that is nearest in miles to the taxpayer ’ s home . k. If any employer fails or refuses to pay over to the Treasurer any tax required to be withheld under this section by the due date , a penalty of 5 % for every month or fraction thereof that the tax remains unpaid shall be added and collected , the penalty is c apped at 50 % . Interest at the rate of twelve percent ( 12 % ) per annum on the amount of tax unpaid for each month or fraction of a month that tax remains unpaid shall be added and collected . SECTION 302 – DIRECT PAYMENT BY TAXPAYER Every taxpayer who is self -employed , a partner , or any taxpayer that did not have the tax withheld for any other reason , shall file a LS -3 form and shall pay the tax directly to the Treasurer . The tax is $ 52 and should be pro-rated and paid on a quarterly basis . Taxpayers shall file and pay the tax 30 days after the end of each quarter . SECTION 303 – LIABILITY OF EMPLOYERS AND EMPLOYEES Any employer required to withhold the tax in accordance with the City Code and with these Regulations shall be personally liable for paymen t of the tax in the event he fails , refuses or neglects to withhold or transmit the tax or any portion thereof , in addition to the interest and penalties . Any taxes deducted and withheld from employees , plus any penalties and interest thereon , constitute a trust fund for the benefit of the City . The failure to timely remit such funds allows the City to collect such trust funds from the employer , the employer ’ s representative , or any other person receiving such trust funds . 53 P.S . § 6924.705 ( b ) ( 1 ) . The failure or omission of any employer to make the correct deductions required by this section shall not relieve any employee from the payment of the tax or the balance determined to be due , together with penalty and interest from the date the tax was due , or from complying with the requirements of the Code relating to the filing of declarations and returns . ARTICLE IV ADMINISTRATION AND ENFORCEMENT SECTION 401 – POWERS AND DUTIES OF TREASURER a . It shall be the duty of the Treasurer to collect and receive th e taxes , fines , and penalties imposed in accordance with the City Code , Title II , Article VII , Chapter 252 . It shall also be the duty of the Treasurer to keep a record showing the date of such receipt . b . The Treasurer is charged with the administration and enforcement of the provisions of the City Code , and is empowered to prescribe , adopt , promulgate and enforce rules and regulations relating to any matter pertaining to the administration and enforcement of the Code , including provisions for the reexaminati on and corrections of declarations and returns , and of payments alleged or found to be incorrect , or as to which an overpayment is claimed or found to have occurred , and to prescribe forms necessary for the -10- administration of the Code . c. The Treasurer is authorized to issue a ruling upon written request of a taxpayer . SECTION 402 – EXAMINATION OF BOOKS AND RECORDS OF TAXPAYERS AND EMPLOYERS a . Agents designated by the Treasurer are hereby authorized to examine the books , papers and records of any employer or supposed employer , or of any taxpayer or supposed taxpayer , in order to verify the accuracy of any declaration or return , or if no declarat ion or return was filed , to ascertain the tax due . Every employer or supposed employer , and every taxpayer or supposed taxpayer , is hereby directed and required to give to the Treasurer , or to any agent designated by him , the means , facilities and opportu nity for such examinations and investigations , as are hereby authorized . b . If records are not available in the City to support the returns which were filed or which should have been filed , the taxpayer will be required to make them available to the Treasurer either by producing them in a City location or by paying for the expense s incurred by the Treasurer in traveling to the place where the records are regularly kept . c. A taxpayer or employer has 30 days from the mailing date to respond to written requests for information from the City or its agents , unless an extension of time is granted in accordance with 53 Pa.C.S . § 8424. d. Any information gained by the Treasurer , by designated agents , or by any other official or agent of the City , as a result of any declarations , returns , investigations , hearings or verifications required or auth orized by the Code , shall be confidential except for official purposes , and shall not be released except in accordance with a proper judicial order , or as otherwise provided by law . 53 Pa.C.S . § 8437 .