a natural person . Whenever used in any provision prescribing a fine or penalty the word “ person ” as applied to partnerships , shall mean the partners thereof , and as applied to corporations and unincorporated associations , shall mean the officers thereof . PERSONS SUBJECT TO LOCAL SERVICES TAX – any person who is an employee , partner in an unincorporated association , or self-employed individual who has compensation or income from within the City , associated with an occupation , shall be subject to the LST , unless he or she is an exempt person . -5- TAX YEAR – a twelve ( 12 ) month period from January 1 to December 31 . TAXPAYER – A person , partnership , limited partnership , association , unincorporated or otherwise , corporation , institution , trust , governmental body , unit or agency or any other entity situated or doing business in the City , liable for tax under Chapter 252 of the C ity Code . TREASURER – references to the Treasurer in these regulations refer to the Director and/or the Department of Finance . The Director holds principal responsibility for tax administration in the City . The Deputy Director of Finance serves as City Treasurer . ARTICLE II IMPOSITION OF TAX SECTION 201 – TIME FRAME A Local Services Tax has been levied pursuant to the City Code , Title II , Article VII , Chapter 252 , for the period January 1 thru December 31 for the purposes of supplementing the funds for ( 1 ) Police , Fire and/or Emergency services ; ( 2 ) road construction and/or maintenance ; or ( 3 ) reduction of property taxes . This tax was levied for the privilege o f engaging in an occupation within the city for each calendar year . It shall be paid over to the Treasurer as set forth in Chapter 252 . Each natural person who engages in an occupation shall pay a tax in the amount of $ 52 in accordance with the provisions of Chapter 252 of the City Code . RATE OF TAX – $ 52 – A person subject to the Local Services Tax shall be assessed a pro rata share of the tax for each payroll period in which the person is engaging in an occupation . The pro rata share shall be determined by dividing the rate of the Local Services Tax levied for the calendar year by the number of payroll periods established by the employer for the calendar year . Example : $ 52 /26 pay periods equal $ 2 per pay . Employers are required to remit the Local Services Tax thirty days after the end of each quarter of a calendar year . For purp oses of this tax , sole proprietors and partners shall be deemed to be employees . The situs of the Local Services Tax shall be the place of employment , but , in the event a person is engaged in more than one occupation or municipality at the same time , the p riority of claim to collect such tax shall be the municipality in which a person is principally employed for the pay periods in question . Beginning in 2008 a person seeking to claim an exemption from the Local Services Tax may annually file an exemption ce rtificate with his employer . The employee shall attach to the exemption certificate a copy of all the employees last pay stubs or W -2 forms from employment within the political subdivision for the year prior to the calendar year . Exemption certificates can be downloaded at www.city.pittsburgh.pa.us/finance Beginning in 2008 , the following persons are exempt from this tax : ( 1 ) any person whose total earned income and net profits from all sources within the City is less than twelve thousand dollars ( $ 12,000 ) for the calendar year ; ( 2 ) any person who served in any war or armed conflict in which the United States was engaged and is honorably discharged or released under honorable circumstances from active service if , as a result of military service , the person is blind , paraplegic or a double or quadruple amputee or has a service connected disability declared by the United States Ve teran ’ s Administration or its successor to be a total one hundred percent permanent disability ; or ( 3 ) any person who serves as a member of a reserve component of the armed forces and is called to active duty at any time during the taxable year . For purp oses of this subsection , “ reserve component of the armed forces ” shall mean the United States Army Reserve , United States Navy Reserve , United States Marine Corps Reserve , United States Coast Guard Reserve , United States Air Force Reserve , The Pennsylvania Army National Guard or the Pennsylvania Air National Guard . -6- EXAMPLES FOR LOCAL SERVICE TAX ( LST ) 1 . How is the LST deducted from the employee ’ s pay and remitted to the City ? Example , employees work full time in the City and all employees earn $ 12,000 or more . What is the employer ’ s responsibility ? ANSWER : The employer is required to withhold the pro -rata share of the tax by dividing $ 52 by the number of payroll periods established by the employer for the calendar year . The $ 52 tax would be collected at $ 1 per week for taxpayers paid weekly or at $ 4.33 per month for taxpayers paid monthly . When calculat ing the pro -rata share , employers are required to round down to the nearest one -hundredth of a dollar . The employer must remit the LST quarterly . The LST form is provided by the City . The tax should be paid the month following the end of each quarter . The LST forms can be downloaded at www.city.pittsburgh.pa.us/finance 2 .