The Payroll Tax is computed on the employer ’ s payroll expense . The Payroll Tax on Partners and Self - Employed is computed based on Taxable Distributions from any Business es . b . One hundred percent of the payroll expense is attributable to the City of Pittsburgh for Employers whose employees perform work or render services exclusively in the City of Pittsburgh . c. One hundred percent of a Partner ’ s or Self -employed person ’ s Taxable Distributions are attributable to the City of Pittsburgh for person ( s ) who have net income from sales or services rendered exclusive ly in the City of Pittsburgh . d. For employers whose employees perform work or render services partly within and partly outside of the City of Pittsburgh , the method of computing their payroll expense attributable to the City of Pittsburgh is to use the perce ntage of the total number of working hours employed within the City of Pittsburgh compared to the total number of working hours employed within and outside of the City of Pittsburgh for each individual employee . Local Tax Enabling Act , 53 P.S . § 6924.303 ( a ) . e. Employers who have payroll expense consisting of work done within and outside of the boundaries of the City of Pittsburgh , but who do not regularly maintain records showing hours worked so as to be able to use the apportionment method under subsection ( d ) of this regulation , may use a representative test period or conduct a survey based on factual data to arrive at a formula with which to calculate the percentage of payroll expense attributable to the City of Pittsburgh . Any formula so established will be subject to review and correction by the City of Pittsburgh . A thorough description explaining the formula shall be attached to the first return each year . The data supporting the formula shall be maintained for at least three ( 3 ) years as a part of offi ce records for audit and review purposes . f. Partners and Self -Employed individuals who have Taxable Distributions generated from intrastate sales or services partly within the City of Pittsburgh or partly outside the City of Pittsburgh shall report on the Taxable Distributions associated with sales or services rendered within the City of Pittsburgh . Where it is impractical to determine the exact Taxable Distributions , an apportionment formula may be used . Any formula so established will be subject to review a nd correction by the City of Pittsburgh Finance Department . The data supporting the formula must be maintained as a part of office records for audit and review purposes . A thorough description explaining the formula shall be attached to the first return ea ch year . The data supporting the formula shall be maintained for at least three ( 3 ) years as a part of office records for audit and review purposes . g. Partners and Self -employed individuals who have Compensation from sources within and without Pennsylvania , may apportion their Compensation to the City using the formula used reporting personal income tax on Form PA -40 , 61 Pa. Code § 109.5 , by substituting the word “ City ” for the “ Commonwealth ” where necessary . In making that calculation , a ll intrastate sale s and services within Pennsylvania are deemed allocated to the City if the Partner ’ s or Self -employed individual ’ s sole office in Pennsylvania is -8- located in the City . h. An employer which conducts business in the City of Pittsburgh on a temporary , seasonal or itinerant basis shall file a return and pay the tax within ten ( 10 ) days of the completion of the temporary , seasonal , or itinerant business . ARTICLE II IMPOSITION OF TAX SECTION 201 – LEVY AND RATE The tax levied pursuant to the City Code , Title II , Article VII , Chapter 258 is know n as the Payroll Tax . The rate of tax is fifty-five hundredths of a percent ( .55 % or .0055 ) of Payroll Expense generated as a result of an employer conducting business within the City of Pittsburgh . Local Tax Enabling Act , 53 P.S . § 6924.303 ( a ) ; Local Tax Enabling Act . 53 P.S . § 6924.311 ( 12 ) . SECTION 202 – COMPUTATION OF TAX a . The Payroll Tax is a tax that is levied on Employers . This tax is separate and distinct from the earned income tax withheld from employees . Under no cir cumstance should the Payroll Tax be deducted from the employees ’ compensation or benefits . Local Tax Enabling Act , 53 P.S . § 6924.303 ( f ) . b . The payroll amount apportioned to the City shall be determined as set forth in Section 102 of the Regulations . c. Tax Base – The tax shall be paid quarterly and the tax for each quarter shall be computed on the Payroll Expense of the current quarter attributable to the City of Pittsburgh . The Tax Base for Partners and Self -Employed individuals is Taxable Distribution s associated with each separate Business within the City . d. An employer which conducts Business in the City of Pittsburgh on a temporary , seasonal or itinerant basis shall calculate the tax on the total compensation earned while in the City of Pittsburgh . e. Discontinuing Business – Every person who ceases to carry on a Business during any tax quarter after having paid the Payroll Tax for the entire quarter shall , upon making proper application on a form obtained from the Treasurer , be entitled to receive a prorated refund of the tax paid based upon the period of time he was not in Business during the tax quarter .