. The Passive Income -6- exclusion only applies to Partners and Self -employed persons , but not to Employees whose Compensa tion is reported to the taxing authorities on a Form W -2 or Form 1099 -MISC . PAYROLL EXPENSE – the total Compensation paid , including salaries , wages , net distributions , commissions , bonuses , stock options and other compensation to all individuals who duri ng any tax year , perform work or render services in whole or in part in the City of Pittsburgh . Employee contributions and deductions resulting from an employee election , whether deferred or otherwise , to qualified cash or deferred arrangements , such as an Internal Revenue Code Section 401 ( k ) retirement plan or Internal Revenue Code Section 125 “ cafeteria plan ” , do not reduce total Compensation . Compensation meeting the definition of earned income would be part of the Payroll Expense Tax associated with a particular Employee who is not a Partner or a Self -employed person . Local Tax Enabling Act , 53 P.S . § 6924.501 ( “ Earned Income ” ) . The Payroll Tax is on gross payroll of the Employer . The Employers ’ portions of federal and state payroll taxes , health insu rance premiums , retirement plan contributions , etc. , are not part of taxable gross payroll . The Payroll Expense of a Partner or Self -employed person is the cumulative annual Taxable Distributions associated with each separate Business carried on w ithin the Ci ty rather than “ Earned Income ” as defined in 53 P.S . § 6924.501 . PERSON – a corporation , Partnership , Partner , Self-employed individual , business trust , association , unincorporated entity , estate , trust , foundation or natural person . Whenever used in any provision prescribing a fine or penalty the word “ person ” as applied to Partnerships , shall mean the Partners thereof , and as applied to corporations and unincorporated associations , shall mean the officers thereof . A Governmental Entity is not a Pe rson . SELF -EMPLOYED – an individual who earns Compensation from one or more separate Business es carried on within the City , other than as an Employee or as a Partner . The single member owner of a n unincorporated entity that is treated as disregarded entity under the federal “ check -the-box ” regulations , 26 C.F.R . § 301.7701 -3 ( as it was in effect on January 1 , 2020 ) , is treated as Self -Employed and not as a Partner . The Compensation of a Self- employ ed individual shall be that person ’ s Taxable Distributions from each separate business reported on Schedules C , E , or F of the Pennsylvania individual income tax Form PA -40 , as well as any other non-employee Compensation , which is not otherwise reported on Schedules C , E , or F. Passive Income of a Self -employed person is not subject to the Payroll Tax . If the Self-Employed person does not keep records of Taxable Distrib utions , the entire net income of each separate Business is presumed to be a Taxable Dis tribution . Any individual who is classified as an Employee , because of the control exercised by the Employer , is not Self - Employed as to any Compensation associated with that particular Business . TAX YEAR – a twelve -month period from January 1 to December 31 . TAXPAYER – a person , partnership , association , corporation , or other entity required hereunder to file a return of payroll expense , or to pay a tax thereon . An Employer , Partner , or Self Employed person are a Taxpayer . An Exempt Employer is not a Taxpayer . TEMPORARY SEASONAL OR ITINERANT BUSINESS – shall mean an Employer whose presence in the City is of a duration of one hundred twenty ( 120 ) days or less . TREASURER – references to the Treasurer in these regulations refer to the Director and /or the Department of Finance . The Director holds principal responsibility for tax administration in the City of Pittsburgh . The Deputy Director of Finance serves as City Treasurer . -7- SECTION 102 – WHO MUST FILE A RETURN a . The City Code , Title II , Article VII , Chapter 258 , imposes a Payroll Tax on all persons that engage , hire , employ or contract with one or more individuals , as employees , to perform work or render services within the City of Pittsburgh . The Payroll Tax is computed on the employer ’ s payroll expense . The Payroll Tax on Partners and Self - Employed is computed based on Taxable Distributions from any Business es . b . One hundred percent of the payroll expense is attributable to the City of Pittsburgh for Employers whose employees perform work or render services exclusively in the City of Pittsburgh . c. One hundred percent of a Partner ’ s or Self -employed person ’ s Taxable Distributions are attributable to the City of Pittsburgh for person ( s ) who have net income from sales or services rendered exclusive ly in the City of Pittsburgh . d. For employers whose employees perform work or render services partly within and partly outside of the City of Pittsburgh , the method of computing their payroll expense attributable to the City of Pittsburgh is to use the perce ntage of the total number of working hours employed within the City of Pittsburgh compared to the total number of working hours employed within and outside of the City of Pittsburgh for each individual employee . Local Tax Enabling Act , 53 P.S . § 6924.303 ( a ) .