City employing or contracting with Nonresidents receiving Earned Income within the City shall , within sixty ( 60 ) days of first becoming a Qualified Managing Entity , register with the Treasurer the Qualified Managing Entity ’ s name , address , and such other information as the Treasurer may require . Every registration shall be made upon a form authorized and furnished by the Treasurer . Every Person completing this form shall certify the correctness thereof . ( b ) Every Nonresident Contracting Party not registered with the City employing or contracting with Nonresidents receiving Earned Income within the City shall , within sixty ( 60 ) days of entering into an agreement with a Publicly Funded Facility to engage in an event held in a Publicly Funded Facility for which compensation is earned , register with the Treasurer with the Nonresident Contracting Party ’ s name , address , and any other information as the Treasurer may require . Every registration shall be made upon a form authorized and furnished by the Treasurer . Every Person completing this form shall certify the correctness thereof . § 302 . COLLECTION OF PAYMENT . ( a ) Sporting Events . Any Qualified Managing Entity who employs one ( 1 ) or more N onresidents who earn compensation as the result of services performed within the City that require the use of a Publicly Funded Facility , shall deduct monthly , or more often than monthly the 8 usage fee imposed by this chapter based on the earned income paid or payable to and/or any compensation attributable to any Nonresident Employee . Every Qualified Managing Entity shall , on or before April 30 of the current year , July 31 of the current year , October 31 of the current year , and January 31 of the succeeding year , file a return on a form prescribed by the Treasurer and pay to the Treasurer the amount of usage fees deducted during the preceding three ( 3 ) month periods ending March 31 of the current year , June 30 of the current year , September 30 of the current year , and December 31 of the current year , respectively . ( b ) Non-Sporting Eve nts . Any Nonresident Contracting Party who enters into a contract for the use of Publicly Funded Facility to engage in a non -sporting event for com pensation shall deduct from the contract , the Usage Fee based on the Earned Income paid or payable to and/or any compensation attributable to any Nonresident Employee , Nonresident Contracting Party , their agents , or associates . The Nonresident Contracting Party shall on or before April 30 of the current year , July 31 of the current year , October 31 of the current year , and January 31 of the succeeding year , file a return on a form prescribed by the Treasurer shall pay to the Treasurer the amount of usage fees deducted during the preceding three ( 3 ) month periods ending March 31 of the current year , June 30 of the current year , September 30 of the current year , and December 31 of the current year , respectively . ( c ) The usage fee should not be reported in the local tax box on the W-2 form , because this is a fee , not a tax . ( d ) Those individuals liable for the usage fee shall be exempt from any income tax imposed by a City of the second class pursuant to this Act and any such tax imposed under Section 652.1 of the Act of March 10 , 1949 ( P.L . 30 , No . 14 ) known as the “ Public School Code of 1949. ” § 303 . RET URNS . 9 ( a ) All returns filed shall include information as prescribed in the form authorized and furnished by the Treasurer , including but not limit ed to , the names of Employees , Contracting Parties , and/or subcontracting parties and their respective home addresses , city residency , phone numbers , social security numbers , nature of relationship , nature of work performed , dates of work performed , and locations of work performed . ( b ) Failure to complet e a form is deemed non -filing . ARTICLE 4 : ADMINISTRATION § 401 . POWER OF TREASURER . ( a ) It shall be the duty of the Treasurer to collect and receive the usage fees , fines , and penalties imposed by the Code . It shall also be the duty of the Treasurer to keep a record showing the date of such receipt . ( b ) The Treasurer is charged with the administration and enforcement of the Code and these Regulations . The Treasurer is empowered to prescribe , adopt , promulgate , and enforce regulations perta ining to administration and enforcement of the Code . This power includes , but is not limited to : ( 1 ) The power to reexamine and correct declarations and returns , payments alleged or found to be incorrect , and overpayments claimed or found to have occurred ; ( 2 ) The power to examine the books , papers , records , or other relevant documentation of any supposed Qualified Managing Entity or Nonresident Contracting Party , or any user or supposed user in accordance with these Regulations and as described i n Section 403 of these Regulations ; ( 3 ) The power to prescribe forms necessary for the administration of these Regulations ; and 10 ( 4 ) The power to issue citations for violations of these Regulations and institute penalties , including but not limited , to those prescribed in Section 502 . ( c ) The Treasurer is authorized to issue a ruling upon written request of a user . ( d ) The Treasur er shall annually provide to all Publicly Funded Facilities a copy of applicable City Code , City Regulations , and current policies related to the Nonresident Sports Facilities Usage Fee .