to any other relief granted to the City of a monetary nature under the provisions of these Regulations ; ( 7 ) Each and every day that the violation continues sha ll constitute a separate offense for which a fine can be imposed ; ( 8 ) Anyone found to be guilty of violations delineated in Section 503 ( b ) may be denied future use of the Publicly Funded Facility . ยง 504 . SUITS . The Treasurer may sue in the name of the City , in law or in equity , for the recovery of those fees due and unpaid under the provisions of the usage fee , to compel the production of records , or to enforce any other provisions of the law . ยง 505 . LIMITATIONS ON ENFORCEMENT . ( a ) The following periods of limitation shall apply to suits for collection of usage fees : ( 1 ) When a return has been filed but no usage fee paid , any suit brought to recover the usage fee due and unpaid shall be filed within three ( 3 ) years after the return was due or filed , whichever is later . Where no return was filed , there shall be no limit to file suit for the collection of fees ; ( 2 ) ( b ) The limitations set forth in paragraph ( a ) shall not prevent the filing of a suit for the collection of any usage fee due or determined to be due in the following cases : 15 ( 1 ) Where no return was filed , there is no limitation ; ( 2 ) Where the return is fraudulent , there is no limitation ; ( 3 ) When there is an understatement of liability of twenty -five ( 25 ) percent or more , and not due to fraud , the suit shall be filed within six ( 6 ) years after the return was due or filed , whichever is later . ( c ) A return filed before the due date is deemed to be filed on the due date . ARTICLE 6 : SAVINGS ยง 601 . SAVINGS CLAUSE AND SEVERABILITY . ( a ) If a final decision of a court of competent jurisdiction holds any provisions of these Regulations , or the application of any provision to any circumstances , to be illegal or unconstitutional , the other provisions in these regulations , or the application of such provision to other circumstances , shall remain in full force and effect . The intent of the Treasurer is that the provisions of these Regulations shall be severable and that they would have been adopted if any such illegal or unconstitutional provisions had not been included herein . ( b ) Should a court of competent jurisdiction determine this provision to be invalid for any reason , Persons subject to the Usage Fee shall not be exempt f rom any previously applicable earned income tax .