to administration and enforcement of the Code . This power includes , but is not limited to : ( 1 ) The power to reexamine and correct declarations and returns , payments alleged or found to be incorrect , and overpayments claimed or found to have occurred ; ( 2 ) The power to examine the books , papers , records , or other relevant documentation of any supposed Qualified Managing Entity or Nonresident Contracting Party , or any user or supposed user in accordance with these Regulations and as described i n Section 403 of these Regulations ; ( 3 ) The power to prescribe forms necessary for the administration of these Regulations ; and 10 ( 4 ) The power to issue citations for violations of these Regulations and institute penalties , including but not limited , to those prescribed in Section 502 . ( c ) The Treasurer is authorized to issue a ruling upon written request of a user . ( d ) The Treasur er shall annually provide to all Publicly Funded Facilities a copy of applicable City Code , City Regulations , and current policies related to the Nonresident Sports Facilities Usage Fee . § 402 . RECORDS REQUIRED . Qualified Managing Entity and Contracting Parties subject to the requirements of these Regulations are required to keep such records as will enable the filing of true and accurate returns of the Usage Fee , and such records shall be preserved for a period of not less than three ( 3 ) year s from the filing date or due date , whichever is later , in order to enable the Treasurer to verify the correctness of those declarations or returns . § 403 . EXAMINATION OF RECORDS . ( a ) The Treasurer and agents designated by him or her are hereby authorized to examine the books , papers , and records of any supposed Qualified Managing Entity or Nonresident Contracting Party , or of any user or supposed user , in order to verify the accuracy of any declaration or return , or if no declaration or return was filed , to ascertain the fee due . Every Person is directed and required to give the Treasurer and/ or his or her designee s the means , facilities , and opportunity for such examinations and investigations as are hereby authorized . 11 ( b ) If records are not available to the City to support the returns which were filed or should have been filed , the Qualified Managing Entity or Nonresident Contracting Party will be required to make them available to the Treasurer either by producing them in a City location or by paying for the expenses incurred by the Treasurer in traveling to the place where the records are regularly kept . ( c ) Any information gained by the Treasurer , or by any other official or agent of the City , as a result of any declarations , returns , investigations , hearings , or verifications required or authorized by the Code shall be confidential except for official purpos es and shall not be divulged except in accordance with a proper judicial order , or as otherwise provided by law . § 404 . AUDITS . If , as a result of an examination conducted by the Treasurer , a return is found to be incorrect , the Treasurer is authorized to issue a deficiency notice and collect any underpayments of the usage fee . If no return has been filed and an amount is found to be due , the amount may be billed and collected with or without the formality of obtaining a return . Notices of deficiency ( i.e. , where the return has been filed , but found to be deficient ) shall include deficiencies for up to three ( 3 ) years prior to the date when the notice is issued . Where no return was filed , there shall be no limit to the period of notification of deficien cy . ARTICLE 5 : VIOLATIONS § 501 . NOT MUTUALLY EXCLUSIVE . The remedies provided in this Article are not mutually exclusive . The utilization by the Treasurer of one or more remedies does not preclude the utilization of another . Moreover , use of the aforementioned remedies does not preclude the City ’ s use of any other legal or administrative procedure which can bring about compliance with the provision of the Code and these Regulations . § 502 . PENALTIES . 12 ( a ) If for any reason the usage fee is not p aid when due , a penalty at the rate of one ( 1 ) percent per month on the amount of the usage fee will be added , during the time the usage fee goes unpaid but the amount shall not exceed fifteen percent ( 15 % ) in the aggregate . ( b ) On any additional usage fee determined to be due as a result of a deficiency notice , penalty will be assessed from the day the usage fee should have been paid to the date of payment . Penalty is calculated as described above in Section 50 2 ( a ) . ( c ) Where suit is brought for the recovery of the usage fee , the Person liable therefore shall , in addition , be liable for the costs of collection and the penalties herein imposed . A Person ’ s belief that no usage fee is due and owing , or the failure of any such Person to receive or obtain the forms required for making the returns required by the Code is not a valid defense to the imposition of penalties for violation herein . Good faith shall not be a defense to the imposition of penalty . § 503 . VIOLATIONS AND FINES . ( a ) Violations .