Pittsburgh , PA Sports Teams | Steelers , Pirates , Penguins & Riverhounds | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 76 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons , Runs & Walks Pittsburgh Celebrates Juneteenth Freedom Day Pittsburgh Black Music Festival Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insiders Guide Multi-lingual Brochures Beyond Pittsburgh Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Group Tour Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Pittsburgh Steelers Pittsburgh Pirates Pittsburgh Penguins College Sports Other Sports Teams History of the Terrible Towel Pittsburgh Riverhounds Home Things to Do Pittsburgh Sports Teams Pittsburgh Sports In Pittsburgh , we bleed black and gold . Come see for yourself why Sporting News magazine awarded Pittsburgh the coveted `` Best Sports City '' title and why the USA TODAY 10 Best Reader 's Choice poll named Pittsburgh as one of the winners of the `` Best City for Sports '' travel award . If its action you want , this city has it covered with the best of football , baseball , hockey and more . Grab your Terrible Towel and visit Acrisure Stadium to watch the six-time Super Bowl Champion Pittsburgh Steelers . Head to PPG Paints Arena and join in all the excitement when the Penguins take the ice . The Pirates make a perfect summer night complete as you watch the game from PNC Park , rated by Travel & Leisure as the `` best baseball stadium in America ! '' Sports Teams Pittsburgh Steelers Pittsburgh is officially `` Sixburgh '' as the Steelers became the first team in NFL history to win six Super Bowl titles ! Steelers Nation spreads far and wide , so grab your Terrible Towel and come celebrate where it all originates : the Home of the World Champion Pittsburgh Steelers . Here we go ! Where to See Them : Acrisure Stadium Capacity : 68,400 ( record is 70,622 for the 2022 Backyard Brawl between Pitt and West Virginia ) Opened : 2001 Also Home To : University of Pittsburgh Panthers D1 football , Rib Fest Known For : Terrible Towels waving , `` Renegade '' being played in the fourth quarter , incredible skyline views Fun Fact : This stadium hosted two outdoor hockey games - the 2011 NHL Winter Classic and 2017 NHL Stadium Series . Did You Know ? Pittsburgh Pirates You can always count on the Pittsburgh Pirates for an exciting summer of baseball ! Raise the Jolly Roger at PNC Park , hailed as one of the best ballparks in the country . Let 's Go Bucs ! Where to See Them : PNC Park Capacity : 38,362 Opened : 2001 Also Home To : All Star Craft Beer , Wine and Cocktail Festival Known For : Skyline views , fireworks nights , the Pittsburgh Pierogi Race , fantastic local food and brews Fun Facts : 70 home run balls have exited the stadium and splashed into the Allegheny River , but only five have landed in the river without bouncing . Did You Know ? PNC Park offers stadium tours all season long that take you onto the field for an up-close look at this magnificent stadium . Pittsburgh Penguins The ice might be cold , but the Pittsburgh Penguins are HOT ! When the five-time Stanley Cup champions take the ice at PPG Paints Arena it 's `` A Great Day for Hockey . '' Tickets sell out fast , so do n't be left out of the action ! Let 's Go Pens ! Where to See Them : PPG Paints Arena Capacity : 18,387 Opened : 2010 Also Home To : NCAA ice hockey and basketball tournaments Known For : The antics of Iceburgh ( the Penguins ' mascot ) , RC Cola , fantastic concerts , WWE live events , Monster Jam and other family events Fun Fact : The Penguins had a record-setting sellout streak that lasted 14 years and 633 consecutive games from 2007-2021 , resulting in three Stanley Cups . Did You Know ? PPG Paints Arena offers free skates on select dates throughout the year . Look for announcements on social media . Credit | Dave DiCello Pittsburgh Riverhounds Pittsburgh is becoming a part on America ’ s growing soccer landscape with the Riverhounds ! Take in a great city skyline at Highmark Stadium at Station Square and help turn Pittsburgh into a # HoundTahn ! Where to See Them : Highmark Stadium Capacity : 5,000 Opened : 2012 Also Home To : Blues & Heritage Festival , WPIAL soccer championships Known For : Trains rumbling by during games , Steel Army supporters section Fun Fact : A riverhound is n't a type of dog ! It 's a nickname for the people who operate coal barges on the river . Did You Know ? The On-Field Party Box is one of the best luxury boxes in town , offering unmatched on-the-field views with seating for up to 60. Credit | Chris Cowger Coming Soon ... Starting in 2025 , the Riverhounds ownership group will have an all-new USL W League team competing at the pre-professional level . Look for names , logos and much more on this coming soon .