off the grass ’ to the definition of what millennials are looking for . ” [ 143 ] The Pittsburgh government ’ s choices during redevelopment and the resulting demographic changes have resulted in criticism and led some residents to believe that displacement was purposeful . In one article published in Public Source , a resident explains their belief that redevelopment plans are part of “ deconcentration , ” an effort to spread out black and low-income residents in order to prevent them from being concentrated in one place . [ 142 ] Others worry that these demographic changes are part of government complicity in gentrification . [ 144 ] Gentrification is a process where wealthier residents move into an area , altering it by increasing housing / renting costs and changing the market for businesses in the area . This displaces current residents who are unable to afford living in the changed neighborhood . In East Liberty , for example , people frequently cite housing units being demolished and replaced by businesses as evidence of gentrification . For example , when the East Mall public housing unit was demolished in 2009 , and a Target built in its place . [ 145 ] Economy [ edit ] Main article : Economy of Pittsburgh See also : List of corporations in Pittsburgh Pittsburgh has adapted since the collapse of its century-long steel and electronics industries . The region has shifted to high technology , robotics , health care , nuclear engineering , tourism , biomedical technology , finance , education , and services . Annual payroll of the region 's technology industries , when taken in aggregate , exceeded $ 10.8 billion in 2007 , [ 146 ] and in 2010 there were 1,600 technology companies . [ 147 ] A National Bureau of Economic Research 2014 report named Pittsburgh the second-best U.S. city for intergenerational economic mobility [ 148 ] or the American Dream . [ 149 ] Reflecting the citywide shift from industry to technology , former factories have been renovated as modern office space . Google has research and technology offices in a refurbished 1918–1998 Nabisco factory , a complex known as Bakery Square . [ 150 ] Some of the factory 's original equipment , such as a large dough mixer , were left standing in homage to the site 's industrial roots . [ 151 ] Pittsburgh 's transition from its industrial heritage has earned it praise as `` the poster child for managing industrial transition `` . [ 152 ] Other major cities in the northeast and mid-west have increasingly borrowed from Pittsburgh 's model in order to renew their industries and economic base . [ 153 ] The largest employer in the city is the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center , with 48,000 employees . All hospitals , outpatient clinics , and doctor 's office positions combine for 116,000 jobs , approximately 10 % of the jobs in the region . An analyst recently observed of the city 's medical sector : `` That 's both more jobs and a higher share of the region 's total employment than the steel industry represented in the 1970s . `` [ 154 ] Top publicly traded companies in the Pittsburgh region for 2022 ( ranked by revenues ) with metropolitan and U.S. ranks Metro corporation US 1 The Kraft Heinz Company 139 2 U.S. Steel 172 3 PNC Financial Services 178 4 Viatris 204 5 PPG Industries 218 6 Dick 's Sporting Goods 307 7 Alcoa 312 8 WESCO International 357 9 Wabtec 439 10 Arconic 452 Education is a major economic driver in the region . The largest single employer in education is the University of Pittsburgh , with 10,700 employees . [ 155 ] Ten Fortune 500 companies call the Pittsburgh area home . [ 156 ] They are ( in alphabetical order ) : Alcoa Corporation ( NYSE : AA ) , Arconic Corporation ( NYSE : ARNC ) , Dick 's Sporting Goods ( NYSE : DKS ) , The Kraft Heinz Company ( NASDAQ : KHC ) , PNC Financial Services ( NYSE : PNC ) , PPG Industries ( NYSE : PPG ) , U.S. Steel Corporation ( NYSE : X ) , Viatris ( NASDAQ : VRTS ) , Wabtec Corporation ( NYSE : WAB ) , and WESCO International ( WYSE : WCC ) . [ 157 ] The region is home to Aurora , Allegheny Technologies , American Eagle Outfitters , Duolingo , EQT Corporation , CONSOL Energy , Howmet Aerospace , Kennametal and II-VI headquarters . Other major employers include BNY Mellon , GlaxoSmithKline , Thermo Fisher Scientific , and Lanxess . The Northeast U.S. regional headquarters for Chevron Corporation , Nova Chemicals , Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu , FedEx Ground , Ariba , and the RAND Corporation call the area home . 84 Lumber , Giant Eagle , Highmark , Rue 21 , General Nutrition Center ( GNC ) , CNX Gas ( CXG ) , and Genco Supply Chain Solutions are major non-public companies headquartered in the region . The global impact of Pittsburgh technology and business was recently demonstrated in several key components of the Boeing 787 Dreamliner being manufactured and supplied by area companies . [ 158 ] Area retail is anchored by over 35 shopping malls and a healthy downtown retail sector , as well as boutique shops along Walnut Street , in Squirrel Hill , Lawrenceville and Station Square . The nonprofit arts and cultural industry in Allegheny County generates $ 341 million in economic activity that supports over 10,000 full-time equivalent jobs with nearly $ 34 million in local and state taxes raised . [ 159 ] A leader in environmental design , the city is home to 60 total and 10 of the world 's first green buildings while billions have been invested in the area 's Marcellus natural gas fields .