Corporation , Nova Chemicals , Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu , FedEx Ground , Ariba , and the RAND Corporation call the area home . 84 Lumber , Giant Eagle , Highmark , Rue 21 , General Nutrition Center ( GNC ) , CNX Gas ( CXG ) , and Genco Supply Chain Solutions are major non-public companies headquartered in the region . The global impact of Pittsburgh technology and business was recently demonstrated in several key components of the Boeing 787 Dreamliner being manufactured and supplied by area companies . [ 158 ] Area retail is anchored by over 35 shopping malls and a healthy downtown retail sector , as well as boutique shops along Walnut Street , in Squirrel Hill , Lawrenceville and Station Square . The nonprofit arts and cultural industry in Allegheny County generates $ 341 million in economic activity that supports over 10,000 full-time equivalent jobs with nearly $ 34 million in local and state taxes raised . [ 159 ] A leader in environmental design , the city is home to 60 total and 10 of the world 's first green buildings while billions have been invested in the area 's Marcellus natural gas fields . [ 160 ] A renaissance of Pittsburgh 's 116-year-old film industry—that boasts the world 's first movie theater —has grown from the long-running Three Rivers Film Festival to an influx of major television and movie productions . including Disney and Paramount offices with the largest sound stage outside Los Angeles and New York City . [ 161 ] Pittsburgh has hosted many conventions , including INPEX , the world 's largest invention trade show , since 1984 ; [ 162 ] Tekko , a four-day anime convention , since 2003 ; Anthrocon , a furry convention , since 2006 ; and the DUG East energy trade show since 2009 . In 2015 , Pittsburgh was listed among the `` eleven most livable cities in the world `` by Metropolis magazine . [ 163 ] [ 164 ] The Economist ' s Global Liveability Ranking placed Pittsburgh as the most or second-most livable city in the United States in 2005 , 2009 , 2011 , 2012 , 2014 , and 2018 . [ 165 ] [ 166 ] Arts and culture [ edit ] Main article : Culture of Pittsburgh Entertainment [ edit ] East Room of the Phipps Conservatory and Botanical Gardens Pittsburgh has a rich history in arts and culture dating from 19th century industrialists commissioning and donating public works , such as Heinz Hall for the Performing Arts and the Benedum Center , home to the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra and Pittsburgh Opera , respectively as well as such groups as the River City Brass Band and the Pittsburgh Youth Symphony Orchestra . Pittsburgh has a number of small and mid-size arts organizations including the Pittsburgh Irish and Classical Theatre , Quantum Theatre , the Renaissance and Baroque Society of Pittsburgh , and the early music ensemble Chatham Baroque . Several choirs and singing groups are also present at the cities ' universities ; some of the most notable include the Pitt Men 's Glee Club and the Heinz Chapel Choir . Pittsburgh Dance Council and the Pittsburgh Ballet Theater host a variety of dance events . Polka , folk , square , and round dancing have a long history in the city and are celebrated by the Duquesne University Tamburitzans , a multicultural academy dedicated to the preservation and presentation of folk songs and dance . Hundreds of major films have been shot partially or wholly in Pittsburgh . The Dark Knight Rises was largely filmed in Downtown , Oakland , and the North Shore . Pittsburgh is also considered as the birthplace of the modern zombie film genre after George A. Romero directed the 1968 film Night of the Living Dead . [ 167 ] [ 168 ] Pittsburgh has also teamed up with a Los Angeles-based production company , and has built the largest and most advanced movie studio in the eastern United States . [ 161 ] The Andy Warhol Museum is one of the four Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh . Pittsburgh 's major art museums include the Andy Warhol Museum , the Carnegie Museum of Art , The Frick Pittsburgh , Pittsburgh Center for the Arts , the Mattress Factory , and the Carnegie Museum of Natural History , which has extensive dinosaur , mineral , animal , and Egyptian collections . The Kamin Science Center and associated SportsWorks has interactive technology and science exhibits . The Senator John Heinz History Center and Western Pennsylvania Sports Museum is a Smithsonian affiliated regional history museum in the Strip District and its associated Fort Pitt Museum is in Point State Park . Soldiers and Sailors Memorial Hall and Museum in Oakland houses Western Pennsylvania military exhibits from the Civil War to present . The Children 's Museum of Pittsburgh on the North Side features interactive exhibits for children . The eclectic Bayernhof Music Museum is six miles ( 9 km ) from downtown while The Clemente Museum is in the city 's Lawrenceville section . The Cathedral of Learning 's Nationality Rooms showcase pre-19th century learning environments from around the world . There are regular guided and self-guided architectural tours in numerous neighborhoods . Downtown 's cultural district hosts quarterly Gallery Crawls and the annual Three Rivers Arts Festival . Pittsburgh is home to a number of art galleries and centers including the Miller Gallery at Carnegie Mellon University , University Art Gallery of the University of Pittsburgh , the American Jewish Museum , and the Wood Street Galleries . The Pittsburgh Zoo & Aquarium , Phipps Conservatory and Botanical Gardens , and the National Aviary have served the city for over a century . Pittsburgh is home to the amusement park Kennywood . Pittsburgh is home to one of the several state licensed casinos . The Rivers Casino is on the North Shore along the Ohio River , just west of Kamin Science Center and Acrisure Stadium .