'' Interstate 376 is both the `` parkway east `` connecting to Interstate 76 ( Pennsylvania Turnpike ) and the `` parkway west `` connecting to Interstate 79 , the Pittsburgh International Airport , the Ohio end of the Turnpike and Interstate 80 . The `` parkway north `` is Interstate 279 connecting to I-79 . The `` crosstown `` is Interstate 579 allowing access to the heart of downtown , the Liberty Tunnels and the PPG Paints Arena . The 45-mile-long and 70-mile-long expressway sections of Pennsylvania Route 28 and U.S. Route 22 also carry traffic from downtown to the northeast and western suburbs , respectively . Interstate 70 , 79 and 76 ( the Turnpike ) roughly form a triangular-shaped `` beltway `` with Interstate 68 and 80 within the media market 's northern and southern limits . Turnpike spurs such as the Mon–Fayette Expressway , Pennsylvania Route 576 and Route 66 also help traffic flow . The non-expressway Pittsburgh/Allegheny County Belt System serves navigation in the region . Airports [ edit ] Main article : Pittsburgh metropolitan area § Airports Pittsburgh International Airport provides commercial passenger service from over 15 airlines to the Pittsburgh metropolitan area . Arnold Palmer Regional Airport also provides limited commercial passenger service and is 44 miles ( 71 km ) east of Pittsburgh . Other airports that have or have had scheduled commercial service include Morgantown Municipal Airport ( 79 miles ( 127 km ) south of Pittsburgh ) , Youngstown–Warren Regional Airport ( 81 miles ( 130 km ) northwest of Pittsburgh ) , Akron–Canton Airport ( 120 miles ( 190 km ) northwest of Pittsburgh ) , Johnstown–Cambria County Airport ( 60 miles ( 97 km ) east of Pittsburgh ) and Erie International Airport ( 123 miles ( 198 km ) north of Pittsburgh ) . Intercity passenger rail and bus [ edit ] Main articles : Union Station ( Pittsburgh ) and Grant Street Transportation Center Amtrak provides intercity rail service to Pittsburgh Union Station , via the Capitol Limited between Chicago and Washington , D.C. , and the Pennsylvanian to New York City . Megabus , Greyhound Lines , and Fullington Trailways connect Pittsburgh with distant cities by bus ; Greyhound and Fullington Trailways buses stop at the Grant Street Transportation Center intercity bus terminal . Popular destinations include Philadelphia , New York City , and Washington , D.C. [ 305 ] Until declines in passenger travel in the 1950s and 1960s , several stations served Pittsburgh : Baltimore & Ohio Station , Pittsburgh & Lake Erie Railroad Station , Wabash Pittsburgh Terminal and Pittsburgh Union Station . Regional mass transit [ edit ] Main articles : Pittsburgh Light Rail and Port Authority of Allegheny County § Bus rapid transit Steel Plaza subway station Pittsburgh Regional Transit , formerly known as the Port Authority of Allegheny County , is the region 's mass transit system . While serving only a portion of the Pittsburgh area , the nation 's 20th-largest metropolitan area , it is the 11th-largest transit agency in the United States . [ 306 ] Pittsburgh Regional Transit runs a network of intracity and intercity bus routes , the Monongahela Incline Funicular railway ( more commonly known as an `` incline `` ) on Mount Washington , a light rail system that runs mostly above-ground in the suburbs and underground as a subway in the city , and one of the nation 's largest busway systems . [ 307 ] Pittsburgh Regional Transit owns the Duquesne Incline but it is operated by a non-profit preservation trust , [ 308 ] but accepts Pittsburgh Regional Transit passes and charges PRT fares . The Bus System lines are labeled by number and letter . These are the largest portion of Pittsburgh Regional Transit and serve on streets and designated busways . Buses serve most of the county , extending as far as Pittsburgh International Airport , Monroeville , McCandless , and the borders of Westmoreland County and Beaver County , Pennsylvania . Meanwhile , the light rail system ( commonly known as the `` T `` ) runs along both new tracks and those refurbished from the streetcar era . The light rail runs from Acrisure Stadium to South Hills Village and Library , taking commuters through one of two routes : one which serves Castle Shannon , Mt . Lebanon , and Beechview , and the other is an express line using railways through Overbrook . Freight rail [ edit ] Union Station , built in 1903 Pittsburgh 's rail industry dates to 1851 when the Pennsylvania Railroad first opened service between the Pittsburgh and Philadelphia . The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad entered the city in 1871 . In 1865 , Andrew Carnegie opened the Pittsburgh Locomotive and Car Works , which manufactured for the industry until 1919 . Carnegie also founded the Union Railroad in 1894 for heavy freight services and it still serves the area 's steel industry , while George Westinghouse 's Wabtec has been a leader in rail engines and switching since 1869 . Pittsburgh is home to one of Norfolk Southern Railway 's busiest freight corridors , the Pittsburgh Line , and operates up to 70 trains per day through the city . The suburban Conway Rail Yard , built in 1889 , was the largest freight rail center in the world from 1956 until 1980 and is today the nation 's second-largest . CSX , the other major freight railroad in the eastern U.S. , also has major operations around Pittsburgh . Port [ edit ] The Port of Pittsburgh ranks as the 20th-largest port in the United States with almost 34 million short tons of river cargo for 2011 , the port ranked ninth-largest in the U.S. when measured in domestic trade .