. There are currently three routes : the South Busway , from downtown to the southern part of Allegheny County , the Martin Luther King Jr. East Busway , from the Amtrak station to the eastern suburbs , and the West Busway , to the western suburbs . Future plans include extending the West Busway to the Pittsburgh International Airport . All light rail/busway stations outside the downtown have PAT station shuttles that serve the surrounding neighborhoods , and sections of the metropolitan area not served by the light rail/busway system , including most of the northern suburbs , have regular PAT bus routes . The mass transit systems of Beaver , Fayette , Lawrence , Washington , and Westmoreland counties ( including Mid Mon Valley Transit Authority ) operate their own commuter shuttles to and from the city ; the private company Myers Coach Line operates commuter service from Butler County . [ 7 ] The mass transit system of Monongalia County , West Virginia also provides connections to Pittsburgh . In early 2005 the Southwestern Pennsylvania Commission proposed combining Pittsburgh Regional Transit , then known as Port Authority , with the nine surrounding metro counties transit agencies . [ 8 ] [ 9 ] [ failed verification ] A typical PAT transit bus sign . Busway with three PAT buses . A bus in front of Union Station Intercity passenger bus and rail [ edit ] Grant Street Transportation Center [ edit ] Main article : Grant Street Transportation Center Megabus , Greyhound Lines , and Fullington Trailways connect Pittsburgh with distant cities by bus ; Greyhound and Fullington Trailways buses stop at the Grant Street Transportation Center intercity bus terminal . Popular destinations include Philadelphia , New York City , and Washington , D.C. [ 10 ] Pittsburgh 's Greyhound bus terminal Greyhound bus in downtown Pittsburgh Pittsburgh Union Station [ edit ] Main article : Union Station ( Pittsburgh ) Two Amtrak trains serve Penn Station : the Pennsylvanian to New York City via Philadelphia , and the Capitol Limited between Washington , D.C. and Chicago , which uses CSX from Washington to Pittsburgh 's outer perimeter , the AVR on the P & W Subdivision through the Panther Hollow Tunnel in the university district , and NS from the AVR interchange through Penn Station to Chicago . Pittsburgh Union Station PRR train at Pittsburgh Union Station , 31 March 1968 Airports [ edit ] Pittsburgh International Airport [ edit ] Main article : Pittsburgh International Airport Southwest Airlines at Pittsburgh International Airport in Findlay Township The city is served by Pittsburgh International Airport in suburban Findlay Township , Pennsylvania , formerly a hub and key focus city for US Airways . [ 11 ] Other Pittsburgh area airports [ edit ] General aviation is served by the Allegheny County Airport . Its terminal is of a 1920s art-deco design . It once hosted Charles Lindbergh and handles 139,000 private and corporate-jet flights a year . A secondary reliever airport is in the eastern suburb of Latrobe , Pennsylvania . Over the last few decades the Arnold Palmer Regional Airport has been served by 2-3 daily flights from US Airways , Northwest Airlines / Delta Air Lines , and presently Spirit Airlines , as well as serving as a general aviation hub for east hills communities . Other area airports include : North Metro : Butler County Airport Zelienople Municipal Airport Rock Airport New Castle Municipal Airport Lakehill Airport South Metro : Allegheny County Airport Rostraver Airport Joseph A. Hardy Connellsville Airport Washington County Airport East Metro : Arnold Palmer Regional Airport Greensburg Jeannette Regional Airport Indiana County-Jimmy Stewart Airport West Metro : Beaver County Airport Eddie Dew Memorial Airpark ( Ohio ) Jefferson County Airpark ( Ohio ) Herron Airport ( West Virginia ) Wheeling Airport ( West Virginia ) Pedestrians and bicycling [ edit ] Trails [ edit ] Unpaved portion of the Three Rivers Heritage Trail in Strip District Pittsburgh has a thriving cycling community despite steep hills and variable weather . Efforts have been made to incorporate the bicycle into the transportation system . The Three Rivers Heritage Trail encompasses all the trails in the city . The Eliza Furnace Trail , known locally as the `` Jail Trail `` , stretches from Downtown ( at the Allegheny County Jail ) to the East End region , where trail access can be found along some roads . The North Shore Trail spans from the Alcosan plant along the Ohio River and continues along the Allegheny River to Millvale . The Southside Trail follows the Monongahela River and beyond Baldwin Borough connects to McKeesport via the Great Allegheny Passage . This trail , in connection with the C & O Canal Trail , forms a continuous motorist-free route from Point State Park in Pittsburgh to Washington , D.C. PAT has installed bike racks on all buses and it allows bikes on its subway/busway system at all times . Healthy Ride station Bike Pittsburgh ( BikePGH ) is the local bicycle advocacy group and is working to make Pittsburgh increasingly safe , accessible , and friendly to bicycle transportation . The non-profit bike collective , Free Ride , recycles bicycles and bike parts , teaches bicycle construction , and has programs to sell or earn a rebuilt bicycle . Additionally , bicycles can be borrowed at two places along the Heritage Trail through the Friends of the Riverfront/Dasani Blue Bikes program . In 2014 , the City began installing segregated bike lanes , which provide greater physical safety to the biker . [ 12 ] On September 6 , bike lanes that stretch from Downtown Pittsburgh to the 16th Street Bridge on Penn Avenue were installed . In order to accommodate these bike lanes , the Westbound lane of Penn Avenue was removed , making it one way . Other segregated bike lanes were installed on Schenley Drive in Oakland , and Saline Street in Greenfield . [ 13 ] The `` Healthy Ride `` bicycle-sharing system entered service in Spring , 2016 , supplied by Nextbike .