other educationally driven programs . The Pennsylvania Governor 's School for the Sciences , a state-funded summer program that aims to foster interest in science amongst gifted high school students is run on campus every summer . The university also runs Carnegie Mellon Pre-College , a six-week residential program for rising juniors and seniors in high school and the Summer Academy for Math and Science ( SAMS ) , a free-of-charge STEM immersion program for students from underrepresented backgrounds . The Cyert Center for Early Education is a child care center for Carnegie Mellon faculty and staff , as well as an observational setting for students in child development courses . Carnegie Mellon also developed the Open Learning Initiative which provides free courses online in a variety of fields to students globally . Libraries [ edit ] Hunt Library is the largest library on Carnegie Mellon 's Pittsburgh campus . The Libraries of Carnegie Mellon include Hunt Library , the Roger Sorrells Engineering & Science Library , the Mellon Institute Library , the Posner Center , and the Qatar Library . Additionally , the Libraries ' Million Book Project ( 2001– ) sparked development of the Universal Digital Library . The university libraries host a number of full text special collections for public access , including the Andrew Carnegie Collection , Herbert A. Simon Collection , Allen Newell Collection , the H. John Heinz III Collection , the Pittsburgh Jewish Newspapers Project , and the Posner Memorial Collection . Carnegie Mellon students and faculty have access to the Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh and some University of Pittsburgh libraries through consortial agreements with those institutions . The Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation ( HIBD ) , [ 134 ] dedicated as the Rachel McMasters Miller Hunt Botanical Library in 1961 , has been a research division of CMU since its founding . The HIBD is an international bibliographical research and service in the fields of botany , horticulture , and the history of the plant sciences and has a significant research library and art holdings on the 5th floor of Hunt Library . The university 's Software Engineering Institute also houses a research library . Carnegie Mellon also manages the Naval Reserve Officer Training Corps in Pittsburgh on which students throughout Pittsburgh 's universities rely . Carnegie Mellon partners with the University of Pittsburgh to provide opportunities in Army Reserve Officers ' Training Corps and Air Force Reserve Officer Training Corps to its students . Carnegie Mellon is accredited by the Middle States Commission on Higher Education . [ 135 ] Collaboration with the University of Pittsburgh [ edit ] Carnegie Mellon neighbors the campus of the University of Pittsburgh , and in some cases , buildings of the two universities are intermingled . This helps to facilitate myriad academic and research collaborations between the two schools , [ 136 ] including such projects as the Pittsburgh Supercomputing Center , the Pittsburgh Life Sciences Greenhouse , the Immune Modeling Center , the Center for the Neural Basis of Cognition , the University of Pittsburgh Cancer Institute , as well as the National Science Foundation-supported Pittsburgh Science of Learning Center . [ 137 ] [ 138 ] Further , the universities also offer multiple dual and joint degree programs such as the Medical Scientist Training Program , the Molecular Biophysics and Structural Biology Graduate Program , the Joint CMU-Pitt Ph.D . Program in Computational Biology , the Center for Neural Basis of Cognition , and the Law and Business Administration program . Some professors hold joint professorships between the two schools , and students at each university may take classes at the other ( with appropriate approvals ) . [ 139 ] CMU students and faculty also have access to the University of Pittsburgh library system , as well as the Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh . The two universities also co-host academic conferences , such as the 2012 Second Language Research Forum . [ 140 ] In 2015 , in conjunction with the University of Pittsburgh and UPMC , Carnegie Mellon became a partner of the Pittsburgh Health Data Alliance to leverage data analysis in health care . [ 141 ] Discoveries and innovation [ edit ] Simplified evolution of Unix systems . The Mach kernel was a fork from BSD 4.3 that led to NeXTSTEP / OPENSTEP , upon which macOS and iOS is based . Natural sciences [ edit ] Electron diffraction – Clinton Davisson won the 1937 Nobel Prize in Physics for his discovery of electron diffraction in the famous Davisson–Germer experiment , which confirmed the de Broglie hypothesis that particles of matter have a wave-like nature , which is a central tenet of quantum mechanics . In particular , their observation of diffraction allowed the first measurement of a wavelength for electrons . Kevlar – Developed by Stephanie Kwolek at DuPont in 1965 , the high-strength material was first used commercially in the early 1970s as a replacement for steel in racing tires . Kevlar has many applications , ranging from bicycle tires and racing sails to bulletproof vests , all due to its high tensile strength-to-weight ratio ; by this measure , it is five times stronger than steel . Spectroscopy – John L. Hall won the 2005 Nobel Prize in Physics with Theodor W. Hänsch and Roy J. Glauber for his pioneering work on laser-based precision spectroscopy and the optical frequency comb technique . Neutron scattering – Clifford G. Shull was awarded the 1994 Nobel Prize in Physics with Canadian Bertram Brockhouse for their pioneering work in neutron scattering , a technique that reveals where atoms are within a material like ricocheting bullets reveal where obstacles are in the dark . Computer and applied sciences [ edit ] Alice ( software ) – freeware ( for non-commercial purposes ) object-based educational programming language with an integrated development environment ( IDE ) . [ 142 ] Andrew Project – distributed computing environment developed at Carnegie Mellon beginning in 1982 . It was an ambitious project for its time and resulted in an unprecedentedly vast and accessible university computing infrastructure .