, and decision science . Within the past two decades , the university has built a new university center ( Cohon University Center ) , theater and drama building ( Purnell Center for the Arts ) , business school building ( Tepper School of Business ) , and several dormitories . Baker Hall was renovated in the early 2000s , and new chemistry labs were established in Doherty Hall soon after . Several computer science buildings , such as Newell-Simon Hall , also were established , renovated or renamed in the early 2000s . In 2006 , Carnegie Mellon Trustee Jill Gansman Kraus donated the 80-foot ( 24 m ) -tall sculpture Walking to the Sky , which was placed on the lawn facing Forbes Avenue between the Cohon University Center and Warner Hall . The sculpture was controversial for its placement , the general lack of input from the campus community , and its ( lack of ) aesthetic appeal . [ 30 ] The Gates Hillman Complex , which houses the School of Computer Science . Cohon University Center , which contains an indoor swimming pool , bookstore , student club facilities , gym , and cafeteria . The Gates Hillman Complex opened for occupancy on August 7 , 2009 . [ 31 ] It sits on a 5.6-acre ( 2.3 ha ) site on the university 's West Campus , surrounded by Cyert Hall , the Purnell Center for the Arts , Doherty Hall , Newell-Simon Hall , Smith Hall , Hamburg Hall , and the Robert Mehrabian Collaborative Innovation Center . It contains 318 offices as well as labs , computer clusters , lecture halls , classrooms and a 255-seat auditorium . The Gates Hillman Complex was made possible by a $ 20 million lead gift from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and an additional $ 10 million grant from the Henry L. Hillman Foundation . The Gates Hillman Complex and the Purnell Center for the Arts are connected by the Randy Pausch Memorial Footbridge . [ 32 ] On April 15 , 1997 , Jared L. Cohon , former dean of the Yale School of Forestry & Environmental Studies , was elected president by Carnegie Mellon 's board of trustees . During Cohon 's presidency , Carnegie Mellon continued its trajectory of innovation and growth . His strategic plan aimed to leverage the university 's strengths to benefit society in the areas of biotechnology and life sciences , information and security technology , environmental science and practices , the fine arts and humanities , and business and public policy . In 2006 , following negotiations between President Cohon and South Australian Premier Mike Rann , CMU opened a campus of the Heinz College in the historic Torrens Building in Adelaide , Australia . President Cohon 's term ended on June 30 , 2013 , after which he returned to the faculty at Carnegie Mellon . The Tepper Quadrangle , which includes the new home of the Tepper School of Business , opened in 2018 . On July 1 , 2003 , Carnegie Mellon launched `` Insp ! re Innovation `` , a $ 1 billion comprehensive fundraising campaign . Half of the campaign goal is intended for the endowment to provide long-lasting support for faculty , students and breakthrough innovations . The campaign brought in a total of $ 1.19 billion , with $ 578.5 million going toward Carnegie Mellon 's endowment . It also enabled the university to establish 31 endowed professorships , 97 endowed fellowships and 250 endowed scholarships . [ 33 ] On September 7 , 2011 , William S. Dietrich II , the former chairman of Dietrich Industries , Inc. , a subsidiary of Worthington Industries , Inc. , pledged a gift of $ 265 million , effective on October 6 , 2011 , upon his death . In response to this gift , Carnegie Mellon renamed the College of Humanities and Social Sciences as the Marianna Brown Dietrich College of Humanities and Social Sciences after William Dietrich 's mother . [ 34 ] On April 23 , 2012 , New York 's Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg and New York University 's President John Sexton announced an agreement between New York City , New York 's MTA , and a consortium of academic institutions , and private technology companies that led to the creation in New York of a Center for Urban Science and Progress ( CUSP ) . The Center for Urban Science and Progress ( CUSP ) is an applied science research institute composed of a partnership of institutions from around the globe , led by New York University with a consortium of universities including Carnegie Mellon , the University of Warwick , the City University of New York , the Indian Institute of Technology Bombay , and the University of Toronto . Carnegie Mellon 's campus in Kigali , Rwanda . In September 2012 , Carnegie Mellon announced the construction of the Sherman and Joyce Bowie Scott Hall on the Pittsburgh campus . The new building is situated between Hamerschlag Hall , Roberts Hall , and Wean Hall and houses the university-wide Wilton E. Scott Institute for Energy Innovation , the Bertucci Nanotechnology Lab , the Engineering Research Accelerator ( formerly known as the Institute for Complex Engineered Systems ) , the Disruptive Health Technologies Institute , and the Department of Biomedical Engineering . [ 35 ] Further , in November 2013 , Carnegie Mellon announced a $ 67 million gift from David Tepper , who previously donated $ 56 million , to develop the Tepper Quadrangle on the north campus . The Tepper Quad includes a new Tepper School of Business facility across Forbes Avenue from a renovated and expanded Hamburg Hall ( home to Heinz College ) [ 36 ] as well as other university-wide buildings and a welcome center which serves as a public gateway to the university .