Angeles in their second year and attend classes at this facility . Carnegie Mellon 's Information Networking Institute offers graduate programs in Athens , Greece and Kobe , Japan , in collaboration with Athens Information Technology and the Hyogo Institute of Information Education Foundation , respectively . In the fall of 2007 , the cities of Aveiro and Lisbon , Portugal were added to the Information Networking Institute 's remote locations . The Software and Societal Systems Department ( S3D ) offers graduate programs in Coimbra , Portugal . The Entertainment Technology Center offers graduate programs in Portugal , Japan , and Singapore . The Human–Computer Interaction Institute offers a master 's degree in conjunction with the University of Madeira , in Portugal at the jointly founded Madeira Interactive Technologies Institute . The College of Engineering has an international location in Kigali , Rwanda offering the Master of Science in Information Technology and the Master of Science in Electrical and Computer Engineering . In popular culture [ edit ] This section needs additional citations for verification . Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources in this section . Unsourced material may be challenged and removed . ( November 2016 ) ( Learn how and when to remove this message ) The campus of Carnegie Mellon in Pittsburgh has served as the locale for many motion pictures . Alumnus George A. Romero filmed Creepshow ( 1982 ) in and around Margaret Morrison Carnegie Hall . [ 116 ] Much of the on-campus scenes in the 2000 film Wonder Boys , starring Michael Douglas and Tobey Maguire , were filmed in Carnegie Mellon 's campus . [ 117 ] Other movies filmed at Carnegie Mellon include The Mothman Prophecies , Dogma , Lorenzo 's Oil , Hoffa , The Dark Knight Rises , Where 'd You Go , Bernadette , and Flashdance . The university is also featured prominently in the films Smart People , Monkey Shines , and in the anime Summer Wars . The musical Pippin was originally conceived by Stephen Schwartz as a student musical performed by the Scotch ' n'Soda student theatre troupe . [ 118 ] Schwartz also collaborated with drama student John-Michael Tebelak to expand his master 's thesis project titled Godspell , created under the direction of Lawrence Carra , into a musical . [ 119 ] While enrolled at Carnegie Mellon , acting students Michael McKean and David Lander ( class of 1969 ) created the characters `` Lenny and Squiggy `` . [ 120 ] The pair continued performing the characters in live comedy routines before joining the cast of the TV series Laverne & Shirley . In 2008 , Carnegie Mellon professor Randy Pausch 's `` Last Lecture `` became a pop culture phenomenon . Based on a lecture he gave in September 2007 – shortly after he learned his cancer had metastasized – his book quickly rose to the top of bestseller lists around the country . Named in Time magazine 's Time 100 list of influential people , he died in July 2008 from pancreatic cancer . [ 121 ] In 2003 , Carnegie Mellon established the Robot Hall of Fame in partnership with the Carnegie Science Center . The 68th Tony Awards in 2014 announced Carnegie Mellon as its first educational partner in jointly awarding the `` Tony Honor for Excellence in Theatre Education `` , which will `` honor kindergarten through high school ( K-12 ) theatre educators `` . [ 122 ] Schools and divisions [ edit ] Margaret Morrison Carnegie Hall , home of the Carnegie Mellon School of Architecture and Carnegie Mellon School of Design The College of Engineering includes seven engineering departments ( Biomedical Engineering , Chemical Engineering , Civil and Environmental Engineering , Electrical and Computer Engineering , Engineering and Public Policy , Mechanical Engineering , and Materials Science and Engineering ) , two interdisciplinary institutes ( the Information Networking Institute and the Integrated Innovation Institute ) , and the Engineering Research Accelerator . The College of Fine Arts is one of the oldest colleges of fine arts in the United States , and today it is a federation of five distinct schools : The School of Architecture , The School of Music , The School of Design , The School of Drama , and The School of Art . [ 123 ] [ 124 ] [ 125 ] The college shares research projects , interdisciplinary centers and educational programs with other units across the university . [ 126 ] The College of Fine Arts runs master 's programs in Arts Management and Entertainment Industry Management with the Heinz College , as well as interdisciplinary undergraduate programs with the Dietrich College of Humanities and Social Sciences ( BHA ) , Mellon College of Science ( BSA ) , the School of Computer Science ( BCSA ) , and the College of Engineering ( BESA ) . [ 127 ] The Dietrich College of Humanities and Social Sciences is the university 's liberal arts college and emphasizes the study of the human condition through rigorous analysis and technology . Departments include English , History , Modern Languages , Philosophy , Psychology , Social and Decision Sciences , and Statistics as well as an Institute for Politics and Strategy . The college also offers undergraduate degree programs in Information Systems , Economics ( jointly with the Tepper School of Business ) , and the Bachelor of Humanities and Arts ( BHA ) with the College of Fine Arts . [ 128 ] The H. John Heinz III College of Information Systems and Public Policy offers top-ranked master 's degrees in Public Policy and Management , Health Care Policy and Management , Medical Management , Public Management , Information Systems and Management , Information Technology , and Information Security Policy and Management . The Heinz College also runs master 's programs in Arts Management and Entertainment Industry Management with the College of Fine Arts . Heinz College consists of the School of Information Systems & Management and the School of Public Policy & Management .