responsible for designing the programming and operational plans for more than 600 signalized intersections throughout the city and designing plans for other devices such as school zone signs , rapid flash beacons , variable signs , and other elements . The Design Division assists the Planning Bureau in reviewing land development projects and specifically evaluating transportation impacts and necessary mitigations . •Signs and Markings Division - The Signs and Markings Division fabricates , installs , repairs and/or replaces pavement markings , and signage . It is responsible for striping more than 2,000 miles of long markings , 10,000 marked crosswalks , and 850 traffic control and curbside regulatory signs . The Signs and Markings Division is typically responsible for the implementation of designs generated by the Design Division . •Traffic Control Division - The Traffic Control Division performs necessary and routine maintenance on more than 10,000 traffic signal heads and other electronic traffic control devices across the City to keep them in operation . Project Design and Delivery - The Project Design and Delivery Bureau is led by the Chief Engineer . The Bureau is responsible for all of the major capital improvement projects for transportation or mobility infrastructure . This includes not only street and bridge work , but also providing engineering services to address major slope failure and flood control needs in the city . The Bureau is comprised of three divisions : •Engineering Design Division - The Engineering Design Division completes preliminary and final engineering for complex public infrastructure projects and oversees the construction services provided by City contractors . The Division supports the Permit Division through review of restoration or alteration of the public right of way carried out by private developments . Project Managers develop and maintain standards and specifications for construction in the public right of way ; and inspect the condition of structures in the public right of way to ensure the safety of the traveling public . •Paving Division - The Paving Division oversees City resurfacing projects on public streets , trail facilities and other public paved surfaces and the improvement of sidewalk ramps affected by this work . The Division is responsible for resurfacing more than 60 miles of streets every year in the city . •Construction Division - The Construction Division of the Department of Mobility and Infrastructure addresses immediate needs for typically smaller scale improvements of infrastructure in the public rights of way . The Division oversees work to repair , replace or rehabilitate curbs , sidewalks , curb ramps , steps , walls , slopes and other similar projects . Division managers respond to emergency events that disrupt the safe operation of the mobility system such as landslides , sink holes , and bridge strikes . The three Bureaus of the Department of Mobility and Infrastructure are collectively responsible for : • 1,060 linear miles of streets ( 890 asphalt , 90 concrete , 80 brick/block stone ) • 2,423 lane miles of streets ( 2,034 asphalt , 206 concrete , 183 brick/block stone ) • Tens of thousands of crosswalks and pavement markings • 675 sets of steps covering 23.3 lineal miles • 44,000 street lighting fixtures • 660 signalized intersections • 850,000 street signs • 33 miles of guide railCity of Pittsburgh Operating Budget Department of Mobility & Infrastructure Fiscal Year 2024 600000 234 2023 Accomplishments • DOMI-Permits Policy & Planning - The Complete Streets Advisory Group ( CSAG ) was reconvened after a nearly 4 year hiatus ! CSAG is comprised of government officials , advocates , technical experts , and citizens that are passionate about safety , equity and accessibility of city streets . The group will advise the Department in the creation of policy and procedures to further the goals of the City 's Complete Streets Policy • DOMI Projects Design & Delivery Division has increased staffing to better manage our bridge inventory .