and expertise in the areas that are imperative to successful business operation . The Department is committed to developing a highly functioning workforce while respecting individual dignity , promoting and celebrating a diverse population , upholding applicable laws and regulations , and molding a positive corporate culture . Departmental/Bureau Overview The Department of Human Resources and Civil Service is divided into the following general service areas : Employment and Staffing - This function includes recruitment and talent acquisition , job analysis , validation and examination , career enrichment and retention , records maintenance and processing , community outreach , employee recognition and awards , and diversity and equal employment efforts in all areas . Policies and Procedures - Policy development and improvement addresses two areas : 1 ) incorporating best- practice personnel models into the City ’ s policies and work culture ; and 2 ) assessing the impact of City Council actions and management decisions on employees . Training and Development - Education , training , and development services increase the efficiency and effectiveness of the existing City workforce , orients new employees , and provides necessary development for career elevation in regard to retention and opportunity availability . Diversity and Inclusion - This division is committed to creating greater awareness of the City as an equal opportunity employer and providing a more inclusive working environment for City employees . It also strengthens partnerships among diverse communities to ensure that the City is intentional with its recruitment efforts and is properly engaging in the best inclusive practices . Benefits Administration and Absence Management - The Benefits Office addresses the administration of all employee benefit plans , including legal compliance and monitoring vendor contracts for quality , cost , and service . Wellness - CityFit Wellness is an all-encompassing set of programs which aim to enhance employees ' wellness and engagement around family health . CityFit provides weight loss programs , stress management , nutrition and fitness counseling , and other programs . CityFit emphasizes sustainable solutions based on rewards and results and uses web-based mobile technology with senior management endorsement . Employee Safety and Injury Prevention - The Safety Office works to accomplish the following City objectives : 1 ) ensure the overall safety of City employees ; 2 ) prevent job related injuries , illnesses , and property damage ; 3 ) implement safety standards to prevent hazardous conditions and injuries ; 4 ) train all employees in the safe and proper performance of their duties ; 5 ) gain the active support and participation of all City employees in the pursuit of these objectives . Workers ’ Compensation - The Workers ’ Compensation program ensures immediate and ongoing quality medical care to all City employees who are injured on-the-job and provides a program which meets the requirements of the Pennsylvania Department of Labor and Industry Bureau of Workers ’ Compensation . Payroll - The Payroll Office prepares , processes , audits , and distributes paychecks to the City 's 3,400 employees . In addition , Payroll provides employees with many services such as tuition reimbursement , military payments , deferred compensation , and W2 issuance . Pittsburgh Partnership - The Pittsburgh Partnership provides employment and training services designed to help City of Pittsburgh residents become attached or reattached to the labor force . Funding for the Employment and Retention Network ( EARN ) program is provided by the Pennsylvania Department of Human Services , while Community Development and Block Grant and general funds support the Summer Youth Employment initiative.City of Pittsburgh Operating Budget Department of Human Resources & Civil Service Fiscal Year 2024 109000 134 2023 Accomplishments • Successfully integrated the benefits module with our HCM/HRIS system , making it convenient for employees to complete online open enrollment , access individual pay data , and year-end statements all in one place • Collaborated with the Bureau of Police to recruit at police academies including offering on-location , administration of the police officer recruit written exam for cadets • The Pittsburgh Partnership employed 914 City of Pittsburgh youth in the Summer Learn and Earn program , and assisted 2,838 participants in six partnering Neighborhood Employment CentersCity of Pittsburgh Operating Budget Department of Human Resources & Civil Service Fiscal Year 2024 109000 135 Director , Human Resources ( EEO Officer ) 1 35G 12 $ 121,707 1 35G 12 $ 125,358 Assistant Director , Employee Compensation & Benefits — 32G — — 1 32G 12 107,490 Assistant Director , Sec . & Chief Examiner — 32G — — 1 32G 12 107,490 Senior HR Manager ( Sec .