taken , Unto learning , into light . Stand in daytime 's storm unshaken , Guide thro'storm of deepest night . Hail Carnegie Alma Mater Stand for progress , peace and right . All Hail Carnegie Alma Mater Stand for progress , peace and right ! The Fence [ edit ] The Fence , 2006 The first great tradition at Carnegie Mellon is The Fence , built in 1923 , which lies in the middle of the Cut . [ 3 ] The Fence frequently displays witty or poignant messages , but is just as often used to advertise upcoming events or recent accomplishments . Because of its highly visible location on campus , it is an ideal place to proclaim one 's message to as much of the student body as possible . The original wooden fence was replaced in 1993 when it collapsed under its own weight due to six inches of surrounding paint . At the time , it held the Guinness World Record for being the most painted object . [ 3 ] Today , a concrete and steel reinforced fence stands where the original one stood , imitating the size it would be today . Students still paint the fence in an effort to break the record held by the original as the world 's most painted upon object . As of 2017 [ update ] the fence has four inches of paint . [ 4 ] The Fence 's origins date back to the early days of Carnegie Institute of Technology when The Cut was still a valley that separated the Carnegie Tech buildings from the Margaret Morrison women 's school . Over the valley spanned a bridge which the men of Carnegie Tech realized was a strategic spot for meeting the women of Maggie Mo as they crossed the cut . However , when The Cut was filled in to form the current-day grassy field , the bottleneck disappeared . In its stead , the class of 1923 erected a fence to stand in as a meeting spot . [ 5 ] However , the university 's students took a negative view of the structure , not understanding the point of it . The administration was just about to give up and tear it down when the night before its scheduled removal a fraternity painted The Fence in the middle of the night , advertising a party on campus [ citation needed ] . The party turned out to be a huge success , as has the tradition of painting the fence . The administration relented on their plans for removing the fence . In August 2008 , the graduating class of 2008 at the Carnegie Mellon Silicon Valley Campus brought the tradition to California by installing their own version of the fence , and dedicating it to Randy Pausch , who died in that year . Tradition dictates that The Fence only be painted after midnight and before sunrise , and only in its entirety . It must be painted by hand using brushes . If it is painted with spray paint or rollers , the painters would be cited for vandalism . A group wishing to paint the Fence must station two representatives , or `` guards `` , on the small gravel region surrounding it . As long as two guards remain within the boundary , no other group may `` take `` the Fence . This sometimes leads to groups setting up a tent or campsite just inside the boundary so that they may `` hold `` the fence for an extended amount of time . It is also unwritten etiquette that if another group needs the Fence to advertise one of their upcoming events , the current holders should turn the Fence over to that group . This often leads to extended periods of time when the Fence is passed between groups in an organized fashion . Two years of paint layers are visible after the defacing . On March 21 , 2011 , six freshman Carnegie Mellon students defaced the fence . They were stopped by fellow students , CMU Police Officers , and representatives from the Office of Student Affairs . A hacksaw was used to cut away over two years ' worth of layers of paint . [ 6 ] [ 7 ] The following night , hundreds of CMU students helped paint the fence in an effort to `` heal `` it . [ 8 ] Facilities Management Services has taken the responsibility of repairing the fence . Instead of gluing it back together , the chunks were removed on March 23 , leaving dozens of different layers visible . The Fence is used not only to advertise upcoming events for a variety of organizations , but also to recognize different political views , religious or ethnic holidays , as well as support those on campus that may feel underrepresented . Spring Carnival [ edit ] Usually held in April , Spring Carnival is the biggest event of the Carnegie Mellon school year . Students have a four-day weekend to enjoy the Carnival festivities . Many students work hard all year to make it a success , and the Pittsburgh community is invited to attend . Alumni often return for the festivities , and Reunion coincides with the weekend . Spring Carnival features `` Midway `` , with all the standard carnival attractions , and a Buggy race which is run over the course of the weekend . Many organizations across campus construct both a booth for Midway and a buggy for Sweepstakes . Judges decide on winners in several different categories . Two pushers exchange the buggy for Kappa Delta Rho on the first hill of Sweepstakes . Buggy races [ edit ] Buggy , officially called Sweepstakes , is a race around Schenley Park . It can be thought of as a relay race with five runners , using the buggy vehicle as the baton . Entrants submit a small , usually torpedo-shaped , vehicle that is pushed uphill and then allowed to free-roll downhill .