be available to help you register to vote , check your voter registration status , and/or find your polling place for the upcoming election . Well-being Lab ( Room 104 ) , Wellness & Meaning- ... 7 - 8 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 12 ) Pause to Relax : Pet Therapy Paws to Relax : Weekly Pet Therapy Program Volunteers through Animal Friend ’ s Therapet program join us weekly on Wednesdays from 7-8 p.m. to offer some friendly dog companions for the hour . [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . [ map ] Hunt Library Gallery All Day Event Thumbnail Like , Totally Transformative : CMU in the 1980s This University Libraries ’ exhibit is a portal to the past , a snapshot of life on campus more than four decades ago as our world began to transform ! All Day Event Thumbnail National Disability Employment Awareness Month [ map ] Cohon University Center , Main Hallway All Day Scotty is a member of CMU Votes and encourages you to participate in democratic engagement events throughout the year . “ Your Vote , Your Future ” Exhibition Get inspired to vote by attending “ Your Vote , Your Future , ” an exhibition created by the School of Design ’ s third-year communication design students that emphasizes the power of voting and civic engagement . Thursday , October 31 Midnight Event Thumbnail National Disability Employment Awareness Month [ map ] Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation , 5th Fl ... 9 a.m. - 5 p.m. M-F ( to Dec 17 ) Arisaema ringens , inflorescence , unfertilized fruits and foliage , scale ×1 [ Arisaema ringens ( Thunberg ) Schott , Araceae ] , watercolor on paper by Marianne Hazlewood ( Scotland ) , 2018 , 60.2 × 41.3 cm , reproduced by permission of the artist . 17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration This Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation exhibition includes 43 artworks by 43 artists representing 19 countries . [ map ] CMU Pantry 2 - 5 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 20 ) Event Thumbnail CMU Pantry Hours The CMU Pantry is a free resource that combats food insecurity by providing food assistance to CMU students and their dependents . All Day Halloween [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . [ map ] Hunt Library Gallery All Day Event Thumbnail Like , Totally Transformative : CMU in the 1980s This University Libraries ’ exhibit is a portal to the past , a snapshot of life on campus more than four decades ago as our world began to transform ! All Day Samhain [ map ] Cohon University Center , Main Hallway All Day Scotty is a member of CMU Votes and encourages you to participate in democratic engagement events throughout the year . “ Your Vote , Your Future ” Exhibition Get inspired to vote by attending “ Your Vote , Your Future , ” an exhibition created by the School of Design ’ s third-year communication design students that emphasizes the power of voting and civic engagement . 6 - 9 p.m. CMU Tartans logo ( Women ’ s Volleyball ) Point Park vs. Carnegie Mellon [ map ] Nexus of Civic Engagement , Room 102 , Cohon Univers ... 6 - 9 p.m. Weekly ( to Nov 6 ) Scotty is a member of CMU Votes and encourages you to participate in democratic engagement events throughout the year . Voter Registration Assistance A member of the CMU Votes team will be available to help you register to vote , check your voter registration status , and/or find your polling place for the upcoming election . Friday , November 1 [ map ] Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation , 5th Fl ... 9 a.m. - 5 p.m. M-F ( to Dec 17 ) Arisaema ringens , inflorescence , unfertilized fruits and foliage , scale ×1 [ Arisaema ringens ( Thunberg ) Schott , Araceae ] , watercolor on paper by Marianne Hazlewood ( Scotland ) , 2018 , 60.2 × 41.3 cm , reproduced by permission of the artist . 17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration This Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation exhibition includes 43 artworks by 43 artists representing 19 countries . [ map ] CMU Pantry Noon - 3 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 20 ) Event Thumbnail CMU Pantry Hours The CMU Pantry is a free resource that combats food insecurity by providing food assistance to CMU students and their dependents . [ map ] Near the Concierge Desk , First Floor , Highmark Cen ... 2 - 4 p.m . Event Thumbnail Monthly Chair Massage Join us for a free five-minute chair massage on the first Friday of every month at the Highmark Center . 4 - 5:15 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 20 ) Event Thumbnail Black Women ’ s Support Group A supportive , virtual space for students who identify as Black women , facilitated by Black female therapists . [ map ] Frank-Ratchye STUDIO for Creative Inquiry , College ... 5:30 - 7 p.m . Event Thumbnail Marshall Reese & Antoni Muntadas “ Political Advertisement XI ” Screening and Q & A Reese and Muntadas will host a screening of their film “ Political Advertisement XI 1952-2024 ” followed by a Q & A moderated by Dr. Kathleen Newman of CMU ’ s Department of English .