students that emphasizes the power of voting and civic engagement . [ map ] Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation , 5th Fl ... 9 a.m. - 5 p.m. M-F ( to Dec 17 ) Arisaema ringens , inflorescence , unfertilized fruits and foliage , scale ×1 [ Arisaema ringens ( Thunberg ) Schott , Araceae ] , watercolor on paper by Marianne Hazlewood ( Scotland ) , 2018 , 60.2 × 41.3 cm , reproduced by permission of the artist . 17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration This Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation exhibition includes 43 artworks by 43 artists representing 19 countries . Online 10 - 11:30 a.m . Event Thumbnail Getting Started With R and R Studio Part 1 This two-part introductory workshop aims to teach basic concepts , skills and tools for working with data in R so that you can get more done in less time , and apply concepts of reproducibility to your research . [ map ] The Well-being Lab ( 104 ) , Highmark Center for Heal ... 11 a.m. - 8 p.m. Chill Zone Well-being Lab ( Room 104 ) , Wellness & Meaning- ... Noon - 1 p.m . Event Thumbnail Monthly Gratitude Gathering Join us for a gratitude gathering on the first Wednesday of every month to pause , reflect and appreciate the goodness in our lives [ map ] Swartz Center for Entrepreneurship , 3rd Level , Tep ... 12:30 - 1:30 p.m . Event Thumbnail Swartz Center for Entrepreneurship CONNECTS Seminar Series The CONNECTS seminar series enhances the experiential education of any individual interested in innovation and entrepreneurship . [ map ] Morewood Gardens Group Room 3:30 - 5 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 11 ) Event Thumbnail Gender in Process This is a supportive space for healing from internalized cissexism and transphobia , together . [ map ] Highmark Center for Health , Wellness and Athletics ... 4 - 5 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 13 ) Event Thumbnail Master ’ s Student Support Group The Master ’ s Student Support Group provides an opportunity for students to come together and discuss the unique experiences and challenges of being a Master ’ s student . [ map ] CMU Pantry 4:30 - 7:30 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 20 ) Event Thumbnail CMU Pantry Hours The CMU Pantry is a free resource that combats food insecurity by providing food assistance to CMU students and their dependents . [ map ] Nexus of Civic Engagement , Cohon University Center ... 6 - 9 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 5 ) Scotty is a member of CMU Votes and encourages you to participate in democratic engagement events throughout the year . Voter Registration Assistance A member of the CMU Votes team will be available to help you register to vote , check your voter registration status , and/or find your polling place for the upcoming election . Well-being Lab ( Room 104 ) , Wellness & Meaning- ... 7 - 8 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 12 ) Pause to Relax : Pet Therapy Paws to Relax : Weekly Pet Therapy Program Volunteers through Animal Friend ’ s Therapet program join us weekly on Wednesdays from 7-8 p.m. to offer some friendly dog companions for the hour . [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . [ map ] Hunt Library Gallery All Day Event Thumbnail Like , Totally Transformative : CMU in the 1980s This University Libraries ’ exhibit is a portal to the past , a snapshot of life on campus more than four decades ago as our world began to transform ! All Day Event Thumbnail Native American Heritage Month Thursday , November 7 [ map ] Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation , 5th Fl ... 9 a.m. - 5 p.m. M-F ( to Dec 17 ) Arisaema ringens , inflorescence , unfertilized fruits and foliage , scale ×1 [ Arisaema ringens ( Thunberg ) Schott , Araceae ] , watercolor on paper by Marianne Hazlewood ( Scotland ) , 2018 , 60.2 × 41.3 cm , reproduced by permission of the artist . 17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration This Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation exhibition includes 43 artworks by 43 artists representing 19 countries . [ map ] Swartz Center for Entrepreneurship , 3rd Level , Tep ... 12:30 - 1:30 p.m . Event Thumbnail Swartz Center for Entrepreneurship CONNECTS Seminar Series The CONNECTS seminar series enhances the experiential education of any individual interested in innovation and entrepreneurship . Online 1 - 3 p.m . Event Thumbnail Introduction to Machine Learning With Python This workshop explores the fundamentals of machine learning using scikit-learn . Participants will learn essential techniques for data preparation , model building and evaluation through practical , hands-on exercises . [ map ] CMU Pantry 2 - 5 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 20 ) Event Thumbnail CMU Pantry Hours The CMU Pantry is a free resource that combats food insecurity by providing food assistance to CMU students and their dependents . [ map ] Well-being Lab ( Room 104 ) , Wellness & Meaning- ... 5 - 6:30 p.m . Event Thumbnail Introduction to Mindfulness Based Stress Reduction In these 1.5 hour sessions , participants will delve deeper into the definition of what mindfulness is and practice various forms of mindfulness . [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city .