Kresge Theatre , College of Fine Arts @ 5000 Forbes ... 7:30 - 10 p.m . Event Thumbnail CMU Chorus & Singers Friday , November 22 [ map ] Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation , 5th Fl ... 9 a.m. - 5 p.m. M-F ( to Dec 17 ) Arisaema ringens , inflorescence , unfertilized fruits and foliage , scale ×1 [ Arisaema ringens ( Thunberg ) Schott , Araceae ] , watercolor on paper by Marianne Hazlewood ( Scotland ) , 2018 , 60.2 × 41.3 cm , reproduced by permission of the artist . 17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration This Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation exhibition includes 43 artworks by 43 artists representing 19 countries . [ map ] CMU Pantry Noon - 3 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 20 ) Event Thumbnail CMU Pantry Hours The CMU Pantry is a free resource that combats food insecurity by providing food assistance to CMU students and their dependents . 4 - 5:15 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 20 ) Event Thumbnail Black Women ’ s Support Group A supportive , virtual space for students who identify as Black women , facilitated by Black female therapists . All Day CMU Tartans logo ( M. Swimming and Diving ) CMU Diving Invitational All Day CMU Tartans logo ( W. Swimming and Diving ) CMU Diving Invitational [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . [ map ] Hunt Library Gallery All Day Event Thumbnail Like , Totally Transformative : CMU in the 1980s This University Libraries ’ exhibit is a portal to the past , a snapshot of life on campus more than four decades ago as our world began to transform ! All Day Event Thumbnail Native American Heritage Month All Day Nativity Fast All Day Event Thumbnail Spring 2025 Registration Week Saturday , November 23 Midnight Event Thumbnail Spring 2025 Registration Week [ map ] CMU Pantry 10 a.m. - 1 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 20 ) Event Thumbnail CMU Pantry Hours The CMU Pantry is a free resource that combats food insecurity by providing food assistance to CMU students and their dependents . All Day CMU Tartans logo ( M. Swimming and Diving ) CMU Diving Invitational All Day CMU Tartans logo ( W. Swimming and Diving ) CMU Diving Invitational [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . [ map ] Hunt Library Gallery All Day Event Thumbnail Like , Totally Transformative : CMU in the 1980s This University Libraries ’ exhibit is a portal to the past , a snapshot of life on campus more than four decades ago as our world began to transform ! All Day Event Thumbnail Native American Heritage Month All Day Nativity Fast Sunday , November 24 [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . [ map ] Hunt Library Gallery All Day Event Thumbnail Like , Totally Transformative : CMU in the 1980s This University Libraries ’ exhibit is a portal to the past , a snapshot of life on campus more than four decades ago as our world began to transform ! All Day Event Thumbnail Native American Heritage Month All Day Nativity Fast Monday , November 25 [ map ] Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation , 5th Fl ... 9 a.m. - 5 p.m. M-F ( to Dec 17 ) Arisaema ringens , inflorescence , unfertilized fruits and foliage , scale ×1 [ Arisaema ringens ( Thunberg ) Schott , Araceae ] , watercolor on paper by Marianne Hazlewood ( Scotland ) , 2018 , 60.2 × 41.3 cm , reproduced by permission of the artist . 17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration This Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation exhibition includes 43 artworks by 43 artists representing 19 countries . [ map ] CMU Pantry 2 - 5 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 20 ) Event Thumbnail CMU Pantry Hours The CMU Pantry is a free resource that combats food insecurity by providing food assistance to CMU students and their dependents . 6:30 - 7:30 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 13 ) Event Thumbnail PhD Student Support Group The PhD Support Group offers space to confidentially discuss the stressors and challenges of navigating relationships with advisors and peers , academic milestones , academic hazing , low motivation , struggles with self-confidence , and efforts to lead a more balanced life . [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . [ map ] Hunt Library Gallery All Day Event Thumbnail Like , Totally Transformative : CMU in the 1980s This University Libraries ’ exhibit is a portal to the past , a snapshot of life on campus more than four decades ago as our world began to transform !