Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day Event Thumbnail Native American Heritage Month All Day Nativity Fast All Day Event Thumbnail Thanksgiving Break ; No Classes [ map ] Morewood Gardens Group Room 3:30 - 5 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 11 ) Event Thumbnail Gender in Process This is a supportive space for healing from internalized cissexism and transphobia , together . [ map ] Highmark Center for Health , Wellness and Athletics ... 4 - 5 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 13 ) Event Thumbnail Master ’ s Student Support Group The Master ’ s Student Support Group provides an opportunity for students to come together and discuss the unique experiences and challenges of being a Master ’ s student . [ map ] CMU Pantry 4:30 - 7:30 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 20 ) Event Thumbnail CMU Pantry Hours The CMU Pantry is a free resource that combats food insecurity by providing food assistance to CMU students and their dependents . [ map ] Nexus of Civic Engagement , Cohon University Center ... 6 - 9 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 5 ) Scotty is a member of CMU Votes and encourages you to participate in democratic engagement events throughout the year . Voter Registration Assistance A member of the CMU Votes team will be available to help you register to vote , check your voter registration status , and/or find your polling place for the upcoming election . Thursday , November 28 [ map ] CMU Pantry 2 - 5 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 20 ) Event Thumbnail CMU Pantry Hours The CMU Pantry is a free resource that combats food insecurity by providing food assistance to CMU students and their dependents . [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day Event Thumbnail Native American Heritage Month All Day Nativity Fast All Day Thanksgiving All Day Event Thumbnail Thanksgiving Break ; No Classes Friday , November 29 [ map ] CMU Pantry Noon - 3 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 20 ) Event Thumbnail CMU Pantry Hours The CMU Pantry is a free resource that combats food insecurity by providing food assistance to CMU students and their dependents . 4 - 5:15 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 20 ) Event Thumbnail Black Women ’ s Support Group A supportive , virtual space for students who identify as Black women , facilitated by Black female therapists . [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day Event Thumbnail Native American Heritage Month All Day Nativity Fast All Day Event Thumbnail Thanksgiving Break ; No Classes Saturday , November 30 Midnight Event Thumbnail Native American Heritage Month Midnight Event Thumbnail Thanksgiving Break ; No Classes [ map ] CMU Pantry 10 a.m. - 1 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 20 ) Event Thumbnail CMU Pantry Hours The CMU Pantry is a free resource that combats food insecurity by providing food assistance to CMU students and their dependents . [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day Nativity Fast Sunday , December 1 [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day Nativity Fast Monday , December 2 [ map ] Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation , 5th Fl ... 9 a.m. - 5 p.m. M-F ( to Dec 17 ) Arisaema ringens , inflorescence , unfertilized fruits and foliage , scale ×1 [ Arisaema ringens ( Thunberg ) Schott , Araceae ] , watercolor on paper by Marianne Hazlewood ( Scotland ) , 2018 , 60.2 × 41.3 cm , reproduced by permission of the artist . 17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration This Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation exhibition includes 43 artworks by 43 artists representing 19 countries . [ map ] Morewood Gardens Group Room 1 - 2:30 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 13 ) Event Thumbnail Neurospicy — Graduate Neurospicy is a supportive space for students across the neurodiverse umbrella to discuss their experiences traversing neuro-typical and allistic landscapes . [ map ] CMU Pantry 2 - 5 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 20 ) Event Thumbnail CMU Pantry Hours The CMU Pantry is a free resource that combats food insecurity by providing food assistance to CMU students and their dependents .