’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day Imbolc or St. Brigid ’ s Day Sunday , February 2 , 2025 [ map ] Philip Chosky Theater , Purnell Center for the Arts ... 2 - 4 p.m . Event Thumbnail Carnegie Mellon Opera : Alcina All Day Black History Month [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . Monday , February 3 , 2025 All Day Black History Month [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . Tuesday , February 4 , 2025 All Day Black History Month [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . Wednesday , February 5 , 2025 All Day Black History Month [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . All Day Event Thumbnail Mini-3 course drop deadline ; withdrawal grade assigned after this date Thursday , February 6 , 2025 All Day Black History Month [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . Friday , February 7 , 2025 5:30 - 8:30 p.m. CMU Tartans logo ( Men ’ s Basketball ) Emory vs. Carnegie Mellon 7:30 - 10:30 p.m. CMU Tartans logo ( Women ’ s Basketball ) Emory vs. Carnegie Mellon All Day Black History Month [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . Saturday , February 8 , 2025 All Day Black History Month [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . Sunday , February 9 , 2025 Noon - 3 p.m. CMU Tartans logo ( Women ’ s Basketball ) Rochester vs. Carnegie Mellon 2 - 5 p.m. CMU Tartans logo ( Men ’ s Basketball ) Rochester vs. Carnegie Mellon All Day Black History Month [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . Monday , February 10 , 2025 All Day Black History Month [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . Tuesday , February 11 , 2025 All Day Black History Month [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . Wednesday , February 12 , 2025 All Day Black History Month All Day Darwin Day [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . Thursday , February 13 , 2025 [ map ] Kresge Theatre , College of Fine Arts @ 5000 Forbes ... 7:30 - 9:30 p.m .