. [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . [ map ] Hunt Library Gallery All Day Event Thumbnail Like , Totally Transformative : CMU in the 1980s This University Libraries ’ exhibit is a portal to the past , a snapshot of life on campus more than four decades ago as our world began to transform ! All Day Event Thumbnail Mini-2 Classes Begin All Day Event Thumbnail National Disability Employment Awareness Month All Day Scotty is a member of CMU Votes and encourages you to participate in democratic engagement events throughout the year . PA Voter Registration Deadline Last chance to register to vote in Pennsylvania ! All Day Sukkot [ map ] Cohon University Center , Main Hallway All Day Scotty is a member of CMU Votes and encourages you to participate in democratic engagement events throughout the year . “ Your Vote , Your Future ” Exhibition Get inspired to vote by attending “ Your Vote , Your Future , ” an exhibition created by the School of Design ’ s third-year communication design students that emphasizes the power of voting and civic engagement . Tuesday , October 22 [ map ] Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation , 5th Fl ... 9 a.m. - 5 p.m. M-F ( to Dec 17 ) Arisaema ringens , inflorescence , unfertilized fruits and foliage , scale ×1 [ Arisaema ringens ( Thunberg ) Schott , Araceae ] , watercolor on paper by Marianne Hazlewood ( Scotland ) , 2018 , 60.2 × 41.3 cm , reproduced by permission of the artist . 17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration This Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation exhibition includes 43 artworks by 43 artists representing 19 countries . [ map ] Sorrells Library Den , Wean Hall Fourth Floor Noon - 1 p.m . Event Thumbnail Research Data Management Are you working on a research project that involves data ? Do you want to be up to date with the new policies that federal funding ( NIH , NSF , etc . ) requires on Data Management Plans and Data Sharing ? [ map ] Porter Hall 223D 12:30 - 2 p.m . Event Thumbnail Parenthood in Poverty : Sarah Eichmeyer Join us for this upcoming event in the Hilliard Family Speaker Series on Behavioral Economics , co-sponsored by the Center for Behavioral and Decision Research and the Department of Social and Decision Sciences . [ map ] CMU Pantry 2 - 5 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 20 ) Event Thumbnail CMU Pantry Hours The CMU Pantry is a free resource that combats food insecurity by providing food assistance to CMU students and their dependents . 4 - 5 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 17 ) Event Thumbnail Invisible Fight : Chronic Illness Support Group Living with a chronic illness/medical condition can be an isolating experience . This support group is an opportunity for students who experience chronic conditions ( i.e . asthma , diabetes , autoimmune diseases , cancer , and others ) to gather in community for support and validation . [ map ] Well-being Lab ( Room 104 ) , First Floor , Highmark C ... 5 - 5:45 p.m . Event Thumbnail The Sangha Join in for a monthly reflective space to make connections with self and others , and to be a part of a supportive and nurturing community . [ map ] Morewood Gardens Group Room 6 - 7 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 10 ) Event Thumbnail LGBTQIA+ Support and Social Group Come join us at this safer space for LGBTQIA+ folks to socialize and support one another . [ map ] Hunt Library , Floor 1 , Studio A ( 106B ) 6 - 8 p.m. Weekly ( to Oct 30 ) An orange VR headset and orange video game controller hover in the air over a light blue background . Playtest Night Join us for Playtest Night , an ongoing event series where Entertainment Technology Center and IDeATe students make their project work available for playtesting by guests . [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . [ map ] Hunt Library Gallery All Day Event Thumbnail Like , Totally Transformative : CMU in the 1980s This University Libraries ’ exhibit is a portal to the past , a snapshot of life on campus more than four decades ago as our world began to transform ! All Day Event Thumbnail National Disability Employment Awareness Month All Day Sukkot [ map ] Cohon University Center , Main Hallway All Day Scotty is a member of CMU Votes and encourages you to participate in democratic engagement events throughout the year . “ Your Vote , Your Future ” Exhibition Get inspired to vote by attending “ Your Vote , Your Future , ” an exhibition created by the School of Design ’ s third-year communication design students that emphasizes the power of voting and civic engagement . Wednesday , October 23 Midnight Sukkot Online 9 - 10 a.m . Event Thumbnail Data Visualization in R Are you currently involved in work that could be augmented by visualizing your data for analysis or to communicate your findings to the public ? Would you like to further your skills or learn new ways to make charts , graphs , maps using the R ?