find your polling place for the upcoming election . Well-being Lab ( Room 104 ) , Wellness & Meaning- ... 7 - 8 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 12 ) Pause to Relax : Pet Therapy Paws to Relax : Weekly Pet Therapy Program Volunteers through Animal Friend ’ s Therapet program join us weekly on Wednesdays from 7-8 p.m. to offer some friendly dog companions for the hour . Thursday , October 24 [ map ] Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation , 5th Fl ... 9 a.m. - 5 p.m. M-F ( to Dec 17 ) Arisaema ringens , inflorescence , unfertilized fruits and foliage , scale ×1 [ Arisaema ringens ( Thunberg ) Schott , Araceae ] , watercolor on paper by Marianne Hazlewood ( Scotland ) , 2018 , 60.2 × 41.3 cm , reproduced by permission of the artist . 17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration This Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation exhibition includes 43 artworks by 43 artists representing 19 countries . [ map ] Sorrells Library Den , Wean Hall Fourth Floor Noon - 1 p.m . Event Thumbnail Coding Syntax in R Are you looking to enhance your coding skills ? Do you want to understand the syntax of code to better analyze data , create powerful visualizations or implement statistical methods ? [ map ] Scott Hall , Bosch Spark Conference Room 5201 Noon - 1:30 p.m . Event Thumbnail Scott Institute Entrepreneurial Student Lunch Seminar We will be joined by Sam Kernion , CEO and co-founder of CorePower Magnetics , a company specializing in developing advanced magnetic materials and components for power electronics . [ map ] Tepper Building 4242 12:30 - 2 p.m . Event Thumbnail Article-Level Slant and Polarization of News Consumption on Social Media : Luca Braghieri Join us for this upcoming event in the Hilliard Family Speaker Series on Behavioral Economics , co-sponsored by the Center for Behavioral and Decision Research and the Department of Social and Decision Sciences . [ map ] CMU Pantry 2 - 5 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 20 ) Event Thumbnail CMU Pantry Hours The CMU Pantry is a free resource that combats food insecurity by providing food assistance to CMU students and their dependents . [ map ] Highmark Center for Health , Wellness and Athletics ... 3 - 5 p.m . Event Thumbnail Highmark Center for Health , Wellness and Athletics Building Dedication Join us for a dedication ceremony , followed by a reception and building tours to celebrate the supporters and community members who made this newest addition to CMU ’ s campus possible . [ map ] Posner Hall 343 5 - 6:30 p.m . Event Thumbnail Artists & Students : Joint Perspectives on Camera Discover the compelling stories of exiled artists and writers in Pittsburgh through a showcase of undergraduate student films , created in collaboration with City of Asylum and as part of Dietrich College ’ s Grand Challenge Program . [ map ] Nexus of Civic Engagement , Room 102 , Cohon Univers ... 6 - 9 p.m. Weekly ( to Nov 6 ) Scotty is a member of CMU Votes and encourages you to participate in democratic engagement events throughout the year . Voter Registration Assistance A member of the CMU Votes team will be available to help you register to vote , check your voter registration status , and/or find your polling place for the upcoming election . [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . [ map ] Hunt Library Gallery All Day Event Thumbnail Like , Totally Transformative : CMU in the 1980s This University Libraries ’ exhibit is a portal to the past , a snapshot of life on campus more than four decades ago as our world began to transform ! All Day Event Thumbnail National Disability Employment Awareness Month All Day Shemini Atzeret All Day Simchat Torah [ map ] Cohon University Center , Main Hallway All Day Scotty is a member of CMU Votes and encourages you to participate in democratic engagement events throughout the year . “ Your Vote , Your Future ” Exhibition Get inspired to vote by attending “ Your Vote , Your Future , ” an exhibition created by the School of Design ’ s third-year communication design students that emphasizes the power of voting and civic engagement . Friday , October 25 Midnight Shemini Atzeret Midnight Simchat Torah [ map ] Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation , 5th Fl ... 9 a.m. - 5 p.m. M-F ( to Dec 17 ) Arisaema ringens , inflorescence , unfertilized fruits and foliage , scale ×1 [ Arisaema ringens ( Thunberg ) Schott , Araceae ] , watercolor on paper by Marianne Hazlewood ( Scotland ) , 2018 , 60.2 × 41.3 cm , reproduced by permission of the artist . 17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration This Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation exhibition includes 43 artworks by 43 artists representing 19 countries . Online Noon - 1 p.m . Event Thumbnail Turning Big Ideas Into Issue One : Launching Your Open Access Journal This workshop ’ s goal is to help you draft a roadmap for your prospective new open access journal . [ map ] Posner Grand Room , Posner Hall 340 Noon - 1 p.m. 10-25-2024 Anika Walke Lecture From the Ghetto to the Forest : Surviving the Holocaust in Belarus In this lecture , Anika Walke discusses how Soviet Jews experienced the Holocaust and how they made sense of their lives many years later .