All Day Scotty is a member of CMU Votes and encourages you to participate in democratic engagement events throughout the year . “ Your Vote , Your Future ” Exhibition Get inspired to vote by attending “ Your Vote , Your Future , ” an exhibition created by the School of Design ’ s third-year communication design students that emphasizes the power of voting and civic engagement . Sunday , October 27 Noon - 3 p.m. CMU Tartans logo ( Women ’ s Volleyball ) Case Western Reserve vs. Carnegie Mellon [ map ] Gesling Stadium 1:45 - 2:30 p.m . Event Thumbnail Halloween Trick or Treat with Tartan Football All faculty and staff with children , grandchildren or young family members are invited to join the Tartan football team for Halloween trick or treating at Gesling Stadium . 2 - 5 p.m. CMU Tartans logo ( Women ’ s Volleyball ) WashU vs. Carnegie Mellon [ map ] Nexus of Civic Engagement , Room 102 , Cohon Univers ... 4 - 7 p.m. Weekly ( to Nov 6 ) Scotty is a member of CMU Votes and encourages you to participate in democratic engagement events throughout the year . Voter Registration Assistance A member of the CMU Votes team will be available to help you register to vote , check your voter registration status , and/or find your polling place for the upcoming election [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . [ map ] Hunt Library Gallery All Day Event Thumbnail Like , Totally Transformative : CMU in the 1980s This University Libraries ’ exhibit is a portal to the past , a snapshot of life on campus more than four decades ago as our world began to transform ! All Day Event Thumbnail National Disability Employment Awareness Month [ map ] Cohon University Center , Main Hallway All Day Scotty is a member of CMU Votes and encourages you to participate in democratic engagement events throughout the year . “ Your Vote , Your Future ” Exhibition Get inspired to vote by attending “ Your Vote , Your Future , ” an exhibition created by the School of Design ’ s third-year communication design students that emphasizes the power of voting and civic engagement . Monday , October 28 [ map ] Hunt Library , Fourth Floor All Day Event Thumbnail Here to Stay : Celebrating 40 Years at the Architecture Archives This University Libraries ’ exhibition celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Architecture Archives , which was founded to create , conserve and promote the rich history of Pittsburgh ’ s buildings and tell part of the story of this dynamic city . [ map ] Student Academic Success Center , Posner Hall 1st F ... 9 - 10:30 a.m . Event Thumbnail Provost ’ s Office Hours Provost Jim Garrett is holding monthly office hours for all faculty , staff and students . [ map ] Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation , 5th Fl ... 9 a.m. - 5 p.m. M-F ( to Dec 17 ) Arisaema ringens , inflorescence , unfertilized fruits and foliage , scale ×1 [ Arisaema ringens ( Thunberg ) Schott , Araceae ] , watercolor on paper by Marianne Hazlewood ( Scotland ) , 2018 , 60.2 × 41.3 cm , reproduced by permission of the artist . 17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art & Illustration This Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation exhibition includes 43 artworks by 43 artists representing 19 countries . [ map ] Interfaith Room , Wellness & Meaning-Making Sui ... Noon - 1 p.m. Weekly ( to Nov 11 ) LovingKindness Meditation LovingKindness Meditation Loving-kindness is a wholesome inner capacity of the human mind that heals both oneself and others . [ map ] Morewood Gardens Group Room 1 - 2:30 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 13 ) Event Thumbnail Neurospicy — Graduate Neurospicy is a supportive space for students across the neurodiverse umbrella to discuss their experiences traversing neuro-typical and allistic landscapes . [ map ] CMU Pantry 2 - 5 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 20 ) Event Thumbnail CMU Pantry Hours The CMU Pantry is a free resource that combats food insecurity by providing food assistance to CMU students and their dependents . [ map ] Simmons A Auditorium , Tepper School of Business 5 - 6:30 p.m . Event Thumbnail Cyber-Enabled Nation-State Influence Operations : Are Russia , China and Iran Interfering in the U.S. Election ? This session will examine recent evidence of nation-state interference in U.S. elections and discuss strategies to protect our democratic process from these threats . [ map ] Tepper Building , Simmons Auditorium ( A ) 5 - 6:30 p.m. Scotty is a member of CMU Votes and encourages you to participate in democratic engagement events throughout the year . Deeper Conversations Lecture : Cyber-enabled Nation-State Influence Operations : Are Russia , China , and Iran Interfering in the U.S. Election ? 6:30 - 7:30 p.m. Weekly ( to Dec 13 ) Event Thumbnail PhD Student Support Group The PhD Support Group offers space to confidentially discuss the stressors and challenges of navigating relationships with advisors and peers , academic milestones , academic hazing , low motivation , struggles with self-confidence , and efforts to lead a more balanced life . [ map ] Kresge Theatre , College of Fine Arts @ 5000 Forbes ... 7:30 - 9:30 p.m . Event Thumbnail Carnegie Mellon Chamber Series : New Sounds [ map ] Hunt Library Gallery All Day Event Thumbnail Like , Totally Transformative : CMU in the 1980s This University Libraries ’ exhibit is a portal to the past , a snapshot of life on campus more than four decades ago as our world began to transform !