of local drafts and creative cocktails , and this is the perfect night out . Pro Tips : Get there when the doors open and try to snag a seat as close to the stage as possible for the best , unobstructed views of the show . Bar seating makes it easy to get drinks , but likely you 'll be peering around peeps to see the stage . Leave your coats in the car . Thunderbird Café and Music Hall Another two-venues-in-one destination , Thunderbird Café and Music Hall in Lawrenceville rises higher on my list of favorite venues every time I see a show there . I 'm in love with their Front Porch Stage , a completely stripped down stage made of recycled materials which features local acts , national musicians and a Bluegrass Night on Tuesdays . Up top , their 380 capacity venue has a surprisingly large stage as well as multiple bars as you enjoy indie , blues , jazz and funk among many other niche genres . Pro Tip : If you prefer to sit for shows , look for the Lower Balcony ticket for shows in the larger Music Hall venue . Not only do you get seats , you get access to your own private bar . The smaller stage has plenty of seating throughout . View this post on Instagram A post shared by Skinny Lister ( @ skinnylister ) Spirit Have you noticed a theme yet ? Spirit , also in Lawrenceville , is split into two spectacular live music venues raised from the dead of a former Moose lodge . Both the first floor Lodge and second floor Hall have full stages and sound great no matter where you 're standing . Sometimes , events may sprawl between both levels with large parties for holidays or other special occasions filling both venues with DJs , emo , soul and plenty of other genres . Pro Tip : The food here is great - snag a pizza or plenty of vegan options . Be sure to take a walk around the venue before you go in to see their mural covering the space , which is painted fresh each year with a new design . City Winery Pittsburgh Although City Winery in The Terminal might look like a small wine shop and dining area from the street , through the giant double doors lies the true treasure of this spot , a world-class entertainment venue . I 've now seen live podcasts , music acts and comedy shows here , and this is quickly becoming one of my regular hangouts . Why ? City Winery does it all , and does it all exceptionally well . The ambience , seated at modern tables in front of an elegant stage and surrounded by wine casks , is completely unique . The food menu is sprawling and delivered fresh to your table the second it is ready , so you can snack throughout the show . Oh , and the wine is great , too ( I especially like their pinot noir ) . Plus , I never even have to leave my seat to get topped off with another glass . Pro Tip : When ordering your tickets , select the option to Have a Bottle of Wine Waiting At Your Table . It 's that easy and does n't require upfront payment . Then you can find your seats and immediately start sipping before the lights dim . Carnegie of Homestead Music Hall While many of the live music venues on this list have been old buildings reimagined into new spaces , Carnegie of Homestead is still serving its original purpose as a library , athletic facility and a grand concert hall to Homestead and surrounding neighborhoods . Seating around 1,000 , at this stunning venue you 'll be able to grab a drink , walk around a gorgeous library and then settle into your seats for the show in the opulent hall . I 've seen everything from comedy acts to classic rock groups here , and am always pleasantly surprised at how amazing all types of music and performances sound in this 100+ year-old venue . Pro Tips : Bring a seat cushion , these seats can get a little uncomfortable . Balcony seating is lovely here , but be aware that seats on the left and right side face inwards towards the center of the venue , so you may need to watch the performance looking at an angle . The Mr. Roboto Project No frills and all about the music . Located on Penn Ave , this intimate and inclusive space has a great atmosphere , punk vibes and a simple raised stage to catch up-and-coming and local bands tear it up . One of my favorite places to check out hardcore , ska , punk , grunge and other artists you wo n't see in larger venues . Throw some stickers on the wall , buy some merch and keep local music thriving at Roboto . Pro Tip : Check out the art gallery space before the show or swing by on Unblurred First Fridays for amazing rotating works of local artists . Masks are required at this venue ! View this post on Instagram A post shared by DLTSGDOM ! Collective ( @ dltsgdomshows ) Brillobox Way back in 2005 , before people had even invented the word `` hipster , `` Brillobox established itself as the coolest bar for those wanting an elevated night out experience minus the pretension . Situated on Main . St right before Bloomfield turns in Lawrenceville , this venue promises a unique ambiance you wo n't find replicated anywhere else in the city and the bar menu to back up what all the hype is about . Head upstairs to their music venue for a variety of bands I am now far too old to know anything about and all seem way cooler than I 'll ever be .