Dec ARMIDA Music by Joseph Haydn Libretto taken from Antonio Tozzi 's 1775 opera 'Rinaldo ' , as amended by Nunziato Porta • JANUARY 25 , 28 , 31 , FEBRUARY 2 , 2025 BUY TICKETS All ’ s fair in love and war To prevent the capture of Jerusalem by the knights of the First Crusade , The Prince of Darkness has sent the enchantress Armida into the world to seduce the Christian heroes and turn them from their duty . The bravest of these , Rinaldo , has fallen under Armida 's spell . But , to her surprise , she becomes enchanted by him as well . She comes to love him so deeply that she can not bring herself to destroy him . For both , duty clashes with desire . As war rages around them , will love conquer them both ? Containing some of Haydn ’ s most inspired music , not only is Armida Haydn ’ s most highly regarded opera , but the composer himself referred to it as his best work . These will be Pittsburgh Opera 's first performances of Armida . Pittsburgh Opera will mount a new production . PERFORMANCE DATES/TIMES/LOCATION Where : Four performances at Pittsburgh CAPA School Theater , Downtown When : Saturday , January 25 , 2025 * 8:00 PM Tuesday , January 28 , 2025 * 7:00 PM Friday , January 31 , 2025 * 7:30 PM Sunday , February 2 , 2025 * 2:00 PM CAST AND ARTISTIC TEAM Armida : Lauryn Davis * + Ubaldo : Erik Nordstrom * Rinaldo : Fran Daniel Laucerica * Clotarco : Audrey Welsh * Idreno : Matthew Soibelman * Zelmira : Shannon Crowley * Conductor : Antony Walker Stage Director : Haley Stamats * * Set Designer : Kejia Yu Costume Designer : Yinxue Wang Wig and Make-up Designer : TBA Lighting Designer : Mary Ellen Stebbins Stage Manager : TBA Assistant Conductor : Glenn Lewis Director of Musical Studies : Mark Trawka Associate Coach/Pianist : James Lesniak Resident Artist Pianist : Maeve Berry * Assistant Stage Director : Dana Kinney * Assistant Stage Manager : Tess Naval + Pittsburgh Opera debut * Pittsburgh Opera Resident Artist * * Pittsburgh Opera Resident Artist alumni SYNOPSIS To prevent the capture of Jerusalem by the knights of the First Crusade , The Prince of Darkness has sent the enchantress Armida into the world to seduce the Christian heroes and turn them from their duty . The bravest of these , Rinaldo , has fallen under Armida 's spell . She comes to love him so deeply that she can not bring herself to destroy him . Act 1 Scene 1 : A council chamber in the royal palace of Damascus . King Idreno is alarmed that the crusaders have crossed the Jordan River . The heathen sorceress Armida seems to have triumphed over the crusaders , but fears that her conquest is not complete without gaining the love of the Christian knight Rinaldo . Now Rinaldo is obsessed with Armida and promises to fight against his fellow Christians , if victorious King Idreno offers him the kingdom and Armida ’ s hand . Armida prays for Rinaldo ’ s safety . Scene 2 : A steep mountain , with Armida 's fortress at the top . The knights Ubaldo and Clotarco plan to free Rinaldo from Armida ’ s clutches . Idreno sends Zelmira , the daughter of the sultan of Egypt , to ensnare the Christians but on encountering Clotarco she falls in love with him and offers to lead him to safety . Scene 3 : Armida 's apartments . Rinaldo admires the bravery of the approaching knights . Ubaldo warns Rinaldo to beware Armida 's charms , and reproaches the dereliction of his duty as a Christian . Although remorseful , Rinaldo is unable to escape Armida 's enchantment . Act 2 Scene 1 : A garden in Armida 's palace . Zelmira fails to dissuade Idreno from planning an ambush of the crusaders . Idreno pretends to agree to Clotarco 's demand that the Christian knights enchanted by Armida be freed . Reluctantly , Rinaldo leaves with Ubaldo . Armida expresses her fury . Scene 2 : The crusader camp . Ubaldo welcomes Rinaldo , who prepares to go into battle . Armida begs for refuge and Rinaldo ’ s love . Rinaldo departs for battle with Ubaldo and the other soldiers . Act 3 Scene 1 : A dark , forbidding grove , with a large myrtle tree . Rinaldo , knowing that the tree holds the secret of Armida ’ s powers , enters the wood intending to cut it down . Zelmira appears with a group of nymphs , and they try to get him to return to Armida . As he is about to strike the myrtle , Armida , dishevelled , appears from it and confronts him . Armida can not bring herself to kill him ; Rinaldo strikes the tree and the magic wood vanishes . Scene 2 : The crusader camp . The crusaders prepare for battle against the Saracens . Armida appears , swearing to pursue Rinaldo everywhere . As Rinaldo moves off , she sends an infernal chariot after Rinaldo . Courtesy of Pinchgut Opera DETAILS & RESOURCES We want you to have the best experience possible at our performances ! Here are some details and resources to help . Also visit our Opera FAQs or our Accessibility page . Run time : TBA Understand Every Word : Understand Every Word : Armida is sung in Italian , but English supertitles are projected above the stage Pre-Opera Talks before each performance Braille Programs available Large-Print Programs available CHILD POLICY : Children must be ages 6 and up . Suggestions and tips for bringing children to the opera may be found at pittsburghopera.org/FAQ . All children must have a ticket . There is a 50 % discount for kids and teens ages 6-18 .