County also boasting large student bodies . Many private schools also serve the core county of Allegheny . More public districts are found throughout Beaver , Westmoreland , and Washington counties , and private schools in each county . Several area colleges and universities serve the region . Pittsburgh itself is home to many colleges , universities , and research facilities , the most well-known of which are Carnegie Mellon University , the University of Pittsburgh , and Duquesne University . Also in the city are Carlow University , Chatham University , Point Park University , the Community College of Allegheny County , Pittsburgh Theological Seminary , Reformed Presbyterian Theological Seminary , and the Pittsburgh Institute of Mortuary Science . Within the greater metropolitan area , universities include Clarion University of Pennsylvania , La Roche University , Slippery Rock University , Westminster College and Grove City College north of the city , Robert Morris University and Geneva College west of the city , Washington & Jefferson College , Pennsylvania Western University and Waynesburg University to the south , and Seton Hill University , Saint Vincent College , Westmoreland County Community College and Indiana University of Pennsylvania to the east . Transportation [ edit ] Airports [ edit ] Pittsburgh International Airport 's Landside Terminal Pittsburgh International Airport ( IATA : PIT ) is located 17 mi ( 27 km ) to the west of downtown Pittsburgh in Findlay . [ 25 ] The smaller but less crowded Arnold Palmer Regional Airport ( IATA : LBE ) to the east of downtown in Latrobe provides commercial service to the metro area . Pittsburgh International was the fortress hub of US Airways from 1952 to 2005 with over 500 daily departures to more than 110 destinations in 2000 . By 2007 , fewer than 70 departures to 21 destinations remained . [ 26 ] In 2007 , US Airways did select the airport for its new $ 25 million , 27,000 sq ft ( 2,500 m 2 ) , 600-employees-strong Global Flight Operations Center . Since being de-hubbed the airport has seen expanded service from JetBlue , Southwest Airlines and Delta Air Lines ' direct trans-Atlantic service to Paris . Arnold Palmer Regional Airport offers commercial service via Spirit Airlines to Florida and South Carolina . Palmer has had commercially scheduled air service since the 1980s . Allegheny County Airport ( IATA : AGC ) in suburban West Mifflin , Pennsylvania , is the area 's largest general aviation airport . The historic landmark , art deco terminal was the main passenger airport for the area until 1952 . Allegheny opened in 1931 as the nation 's third-largest and first with `` hard surface `` runways . Smaller suburban airports serve as private plane and corporate jet bases include : North Metro : Butler County Airport Zelienople Municipal Airport Rock Airport New Castle Municipal Airport Lakehill Airport Grove City Airport South Metro : Allegheny County Airport Rostraver Airport Joseph A. Hardy Connellsville Airport Washington County Airport East Metro : Pittsburgh-Monroeville Airport Greensburg Jeannette Regional Airport Indiana County-Jimmy Stewart Airport Arnold Palmer Regional Airport West Metro : Beaver County Airport Eddie Dew Memorial Airpark ( Ohio ) Jefferson County Airpark ( Ohio ) Herron Airport ( West Virginia ) Wheeling Airport ( West Virginia ) Interstates [ edit ] The Pittsburgh area is served by four main-line Interstates including the Pennsylvania Turnpike ( which is co-signed with I-76 and in the extreme eastern part of the region also co-signed with I-70 ) : I-70 I-76 / Penna Turnpike I-79 I-80 It 's also served by several Interstate spur routes : I-376 I-576 ( future ) I-279 I-579 Other expressways [ edit ] US 22 serving west area commuters from Steubenville , Ohio , through West Virginia and into the metro area of Washington County , Pennsylvania , and into Allegheny merging into I-376 . US 30 in the Greensburg area and co-signed with I-376 through the city and western suburbs . US 119 US 422 SR 7 along the Ohio River in Jefferson County , Ohio . PA 28 serving the Allegheny Valley commuters in the Northeast and through suburban Armstrong County . PA Turnpike 43 ( Mon–Fayette Expressway ) a 70 mile long interstate grade route between the south hills and West Virginia . PA 65 serving commuters along the Ohio River valley to the northwest of the city . PA Turnpike 66 ( Amos K. Hutchinson Bypass ) as a partial east hills beltway for traffic from both Interstate 70 and the Pennsylvania Turnpike/Interstate 76 . Fort Duquesne Boulevard serving as a downtown expressway between I-279 and I-579 . Port [ edit ] The Port of Pittsburgh ranks as the 21st- largest port in the United States with almost 34 million short tons of river cargo in 2011 . It is the 9th-largest in the U.S. when measured in domestic trade . [ 27 ] Mass transit [ edit ] Pittsburgh Regional Transit light rail train at Washington Junction station in Bethel Park , Pennsylvania in March 2005 The Pittsburgh Regional Transit agency ( PRT ) is the largest mass transit service in the metro area and includes a 26-mile subway/light rail system , all serving the central core . This system is complemented by the Butler Transit Authority and Town & Country Transit to north destinations , Beaver County Transit Authority and New Castle Area Transit Authority to northwest destinations , Westmoreland County Transit Authority and IndiGo to eastern destinations , and Washington City Transit , Mid Mon Valley Transit Authority and Fayette Area Coordinated Transportation serving southern destinations . The University of Pittsburgh Transportation System also provides services in the eastern core of the metropolitan area while Mountain Line Transit serves the city , western suburbs and an express route south to Morgantown , West Virginia . A metro map of all fixed route transit routes for Pennsylvania counties can be found here .