Pittsburgh 's North Side . [ 35 ] [ 36 ] Other regional visual arts museums include : [ 37 ] [ 38 ] Frick Art and Historical Center ( Point Breeze , Pittsburgh ) Contemporary Craft ( Strip District , Pittsburgh ) ToonSeum ( Downtown , Pittsburgh ) Westmoreland Museum of American Art ( Greensburg ) Southern Alleghenies Museum of Art ( Multiple locations - Loretto , Ligonier Valley , Johnstown , and Altoona ) [ 39 ] The Maridon Museum ( Butler ) University Museum at Indiana University of Pennsylvania ( Indiana ) Hoyt Institute of Fine Arts ( New Castle ) Venango Museum of Art , Science , and Industry ( Oil City ) Palmer Museum of Art ( University Park ) Erie Art Museum ( Erie ) Juniata College Museum of Art ( Huntingdon ) Art Museum of West Virginia University ( Morgantown ) Sports and recreation [ edit ] Main article : Sports in Pittsburgh PNC Park in the North Shore neighborhood , home of the Pittsburgh Pirates baseball team since 2001 The Pittsburgh area served as a launchpad for the professionalization of both American football and ice hockey in the 1890s and 1900s . The first professional player ( William Heffelfinger ) played for a Pittsburgh football team in 1892 , which was followed by the first open professional ( John Brallier ) , the first all-professional team ( the Latrobe Athletic Association ) , and a participant in the first all-professional league ( the Pittsburgh Stars of the first National Football League ) . In the case of ice hockey , the Western Pennsylvania Hockey League was the first hockey league to pay its players in 1901 , eventually merging into the first fully pro league , the International Professional Hockey League , in 1904 . Professional hockey in Pennsylvania predated the professionalization of the game in Canada ( where it eventually came to dominate in the early 20th century ) by four years . Today , the region is home to three major league franchises in baseball , football , and hockey ; several minor league teams in soccer , baseball , and hockey ; and three major NCAA universities . Pittsburgh area teams Club Sport League ( Conf ) Venue Location Pittsburgh Pirates Baseball MLB PNC Park Pittsburgh Pittsburgh Steelers American football NFL Heinz Field Pittsburgh Pittsburgh Penguins Ice hockey NHL PPG Paints Arena Pittsburgh Pittsburgh Riverhounds Soccer USL Highmark Stadium Pittsburgh Washington Wildthings Baseball Frontier League Consol Energy Park Washington Wheeling Nailers Ice hockey ECHL WesBanco Arena Wheeling University of Pittsburgh Panthers various NCAA ( ACC ) various Pittsburgh Duquesne University Dukes various NCAA ( A-10 , NEC ) various Pittsburgh Robert Morris University Colonials various NCAA ( Horizon ) various Moon Indiana University of Pennsylvania Crimson Hawks various NCAA ( PSAC ) various Indiana California University of Pennsylvania Vulcans various NCAA ( PSAC ) various California Slippery Rock University of Pennsylvania The Rock various NCAA ( PSAC ) various Slippery Rock Franciscan University of Steubenville Barons various NCAA ( AMCC ) various Steubenville West Liberty University Hilltoppers various NCAA ( MEC ) various West Liberty Wheeling Cardinals various NCAA ( MEC ) various Wheeling Seton Hill University Griffins various NCAA ( PSAC ) various Greensburg Carnegie Mellon University Tartans various NCAA ( PAC ) various Pittsburgh Saint Vincent College Bearcats various NCAA ( PAC , ECAC ) various Latrobe Geneva College Golden Tornadoes various NCAA ( PAC ) various Beaver Falls Chatham University Cougars various NCAA ( PAC ) various Pittsburgh Washington & Jefferson College Presidents various NCAA ( PAC ) various Washington Westminster College Titans various NCAA ( PAC ) various New Wilmington Bethany College Bison various NCAA ( PAC ) various Bethany Grove City College Wolverines various NCAA ( PAC ) various Grove City Golf [ edit ] Golf in the metro area boasts such courses as Oakmont Country Club , which has hosted the U.S. Open a record nine times , and Foxburg Country Club the oldest continuous club in the U.S . Such tournaments as the 84 Lumber Classic , Pittsburgh Senior Open and the current Mylan Classic call the region home . Area courses have also hosted multiple PGA Championships , LPGA Championships , U.S. Women 's Opens and Ryder Cup matches . Annual sports events [ edit ] Annual sporting events include the Head of the Ohio crew race , Three Rivers Regatta , Pittsburgh Vintage Grand Prix , and the Pittsburgh Marathon . The regions rivers have hosted the Bassmaster Classic and Forrest Wood Cup and the city has enjoyed having one of only two teams to host the Major League Baseball All Star Game a record eight times . The area has also hosted the NHL All Star Game , NHL Winter Classic , Senior Olympics , NHL Entry Draft , AHL All Star Game , NCAA Tournament and Frozen Four . Winter in the region sees sport continue at such rinks at PPG Place and North Park as well as area ski resorts like Boyce Park , Seven Springs Mountain Resort , Hidden Valley , Laurel Mountain and Wisp . See also [ edit ] Western Pennsylvania Northwest Pennsylvania Pittsburgh Media Market Pennsylvania census statistical areas List of Pennsylvania metropolitan areas References [ edit ] ^ a b `` 2020 Population and Housing State Data `` . United States Census Bureau , Population Division . August 12 , 2021 . Retrieved August 14 , 2021 . ^ Deto , Ryan ( 8 August 2023 ) . `` Lawrence County added to Pittsburgh metro area `` . TribLIVE.com . Archived from the original on 11 August 2023 . Retrieved 4 January 2024 . the Pittsburgh metro area now includes eight counties : Allegheny , Armstrong , Beaver , Butler , Fayette , Lawrence , Washington and Westmoreland ^ `` Total Gross Domestic Product for Pittsburgh , PA ( MSA ) `` . fred.stlouisfed.org . ^ `` PRINCIPAL CITIES OF METROPOLITAN AND MICROPOLITAN STATISTICAL AREAS , MARCH 2020 `` . US census bureau . Retrieved July 26 , 2023 . ^ `` OMB Bulletin No .