be discovered among the starry frontier ? Guests are invited to reconnect with the night sky through a featured planetarium performance and , weather-permitting , live views of night sky objects in stunning telescopic detail . In addition to the rooftop observing session , a complementary suite of indoor astronomical experiences will be accessible and comfortable for all guests . The events are rain or shine . Doors open at 8:45 pm . Additional summer dates scheduled for Saturdays : June 8 , July 13 , and Aug. 10 . Please note the November SkyWatch runs from 7–9 pm . PSO Disrupt : Walk on the Wild Side Nov 16 , 2024 - Nov 16 , 2024 | 6:30 pm - 10:30 pm Heinz Hall 600 Penn Ave Pittsburgh , PA 15222 EVENT WEBSITE This November , Heinz Hall is transformed into a symphony of sight , taste , and splendor ! From Bavarian beer halls to the high peaks of the Alps , take a `` Walk on the Wild Side , `` AKA our very own Novemberfest inspired by Strauss 's sublime An Alpine Symphony . First , join us for the pre-show party around Heinz Hall . Enjoy a glass of Bavarian beer or a specialty cocktail from the Biergarten , explore music-themed activities , take photos , and mingle with fellow guests before heading into this short ( but epic ) performance . An Alpine Symphony is a single-movement piece with 22 phases that runs just around 50 minutes . Over 100 musicians are required to bring Strauss 's transcendental tone poem to life : a journey through the fierce elements , apparitions , and mysteries of nature . Listen for stormy winds , echoes of thunder in the distance , birdcalls , and a triumphant summit . It 's awe-inspiring . You ca n't help but smile . You 'll wish you brought your hiking shoes . About Disrupt Concerts Forget everything you ’ ve heard . Join the PSO at Heinz Hall for one-of-a-kind experiences that take you deeper into the music . Whether you ’ re new to classical music or just want to explore the music in a new way , expect moments of fascination , guided from the stage . Relaxed atmosphere | Shorter concerts | On-stage host | Signature cocktails “ I invite all our subscribers to experience Disrupt . The fantastic artists of the orchestra explore the emotion and story of the music and composers in new ways . It truly is a fascinating musical experience . `` Manfred Honeck Symphony Starter Just starting with the symphony ? We welcome you ! Symphony Starters are concerts that feature our most popular programming and enhancements that make Heinz Hall even more special ; like signature cocktails , meeting PSO musicians , and learning more about the music you hear . American Society of Microbiology - Annual Biomedical Research Conference for Minority Students Nov 14 , 2024 - Nov 16 , 2024 David L. Lawrence Convention Center 1000 Fort Dusquene Boulevard Pittsburgh , PA 15222 EVENT WEBSITE The four-day conference will consist in thousands of presentations related to STEM disciplines and the best researches will be awarded during the conference ’ s closing banquet . Please check the website to learn more ! Jim Gaffigan Nov 9 , 2024 - Nov 9 , 2024 | 7:00 pm - 10:00 pm PPG Paints Arena 1001 Fifth Ave Pittsburgh , PA 15219 Cavalleria Rusticana and Pagliacci Nov 9 , 2024 - Nov 17 , 2024 Pittsburgh Opera 2425 Liberty Ave Pittsburgh , PA 15222 EVENT WEBSITE An adulterous double feature Jealousy , two-timing , and revenge unite the back-to-back tragedies of Cavalleria Rusticana and Pagliacci . Possessiveness , machismo , and rage fuel their bloody conclusions . Cavalleria Rusticana : On Easter Sunday , Alfio discovers his wife Lola has rekindled her old romance with Turiddu . Pagliacci : Just before a performance of his traveling circus troupe , clown Canio discovers the infidelity of his wife Nedda . Join us for this back-to-back double feature of love and hate—the first time Pittsburgh Opera has performed these two operas together since 1996 ! These performances are sponsored in part by The Gailliot Fund and by a generous gift from Robert and Christine Pietrandrea . Iron Maiden Nov 8 , 2024 - Nov 8 , 2024 | 7:30 pm - 10:30 pm PPG Paints Arena 1001 Fifth Ave Pittsburgh , PA 15219 Disney 's Beauty and the Beast Nov 7 , 2024 - Nov 10 , 2024 | 7:30 pm - 1:00 pm Byham Theater 101 Sixth Street Pittsburgh , PA 15222 EVENT WEBSITE Pittsburgh Musical Theater in collaboration with The Pittsburgh Cultural Trust presents Disney 's Beauty and the Beast . The romantic and beloved fairytale recounts the story of Belle , a young woman in a provincial town , and the Beast , who is really a young prince trapped under the spell of an enchantress . If the Beast can learn to love and be loved , the curse will end and he will be transformed into his former self . But time is running out . If the Beast does not learn his lesson soon , he and his household will be doomed for all eternity . Featuring all of the wonderful songs made famous in the Academy Award-winning animated feature film , along with new ones written for the stage adaptation , the enchantment never ends ! Music by Alan Menken Lyrics by Howard Ashman Tim Rice Book by Linda Woolverton Disney Beauty and the Beast is presented through special arrangement with Music Theatre International ( MTI ) . All authorized performance materials are also supplied by MTI . www.mtishows.com This performance is presented by the young artists of PMT Conservatory in collaboration with the CAPA Orchestra .