? Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix™ while a live symphony orchestra performs Nicholas Hooper ’ s unforgettable score and Harry Potter™ soars across the big screen in high-definition . WIZARDING WORLD and all related trademarks , characters , names , and indicia are © & ™ Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. Publishing Rights © JKR . Costume Policy Heinz Hall does not permit costume masks of any kind or facsimiles of weapons that would make other guests feel uncomfortable or detract from the concert experience . Peter Pan Oct 27 , 2024 - Oct 27 , 2024 | 2:00 pm - 5:00 pm Benedum Center 7th St and Penn Ave Pittsburgh , PA 15222 EVENT WEBSITE Escape to Neverland for a daring adventure with Wendy , John , Michael , Tinkerbell and Peter in the ever-playful Peter Pan . This new interpretation of the classic tale is told through the eyes of a child , and includes spectacular flying , swashbuckling sword fights , giant puppets , costumes inspired by punk fashion and , of course , a little pixie dust ! A Pittsburgh premiere , this magical ballet is sure to mesmerize audiences of all ages . Choreography : Trey McIntyre | Music : Edward Elgar , arranged by Niel DePonte Flying Effects provided by ZFX NACADA 's 2024 Annual Conference Oct 27 , 2024 - Oct 30 , 2024 David L. Lawrence Convention Center 1000 Fort Duquesne Blvd Pittsburgh , PA 15222 EVENT WEBSITE NACADA promotes and supports quality academic advising in institutions of higher education to enhance the educational development of students . NACADA provides a forum for discussion , debate , and the exchange of ideas pertaining to academic advising through numerous activities and publications . NACADA also serves as an advocate for effective academic advising by providing a Consulting and Speaker Service and funding for Research related to academic advising . Attendees are on their own for lunch and dinner each day during the event . Lunch options will be available for purchase at the David L. Lawrence Convention Center but attendees will have a break between 11:30 a.m. - 1:30 p.m. on Monday and Tuesday to dine at nearby restaurants . Homefront and Frontlines : Women and the Impact of War Oct 27 , 2024 - Oct 27 , 2024 | 2:00 pm - 4:00 pm Heinz History Center 1212 Smallman St Pittsburgh , PA 15222 EVENT WEBSITE Join the History Center and the Veterans Breakfast Club for a storytelling event honoring the strength and sacrifice of women during war time , from the battlefield to the home front . Hear firsthand accounts from veterans and military families who will share their personal journeys of how military life has shaped their identities and their lives . This program is not just about listening – it ’ s also about sharing . We encourage attendees to share their stories and unique perspectives on their life experiences . The “ Homefront and Frontlines : Women and the Impact of War ” program is held in conjunction with the History Center ’ s new exhibition , A Woman ’ s Place : How Women Shaped Pittsburgh . The exhibit recognizes that military action and times of conflict have always been a double-edged sword for women , bringing sacrifice and loss but also opportunities for them to learn new skills , demonstrate untapped abilities , and enter previously inaccessible spaces closed to them during peacetime . Whether soldier or civilian , military service has always required from women a complicated balancing act , managing the needs of home , family , work , and service , while supporting a loved one away on duty , or increasingly in the modern era , taking on that role themselves . Lucky Draw Oct 27 , 2024 - Oct 27 , 2024 | 7:30 pm - 9:30 pm Arcade Comedy Theater 943 Liberty Ave Pittsburgh , PA 15222 EVENT WEBSITE Arcade Comedy Theater presents “ Lucky Draw ” an improv comedy show where half of the cast is drawn at random ! Each show , Arcade Academy students and team members drop their names into box at the start of the night . Throughout the evening , the hosts will be playing short form games and doing a long-form set that mixes up these performers alongside special guests , teachers , and coaches from the Arcade community . If you ’ re a student or improviser , this is a perfect chance to maybe try out new games or play with some seasoned performers . And if you ’ re just looking for a fun , unique night out Ñ you ’ ll get a chance to see some inventive and exciting new comedy for less than a price of a movie ticket ( oh yeah , and you can BYOB ) . Entertainment , Music Mod Sun & lovelytheband : Here ’ s Your Flowers Tour Oct 27 , 2024 - Oct 27 , 2024 | 6:00 pm - 10:00 pm Stage AE 400 N Shore Dr Pittsburgh , PA 15212