18 ARTICLE IV ADMINISTRATION AND ENFORCEMENT SECTION 401 – POWERS AND DUTIES OF TREASURER ( DIRECTOR ) a . It shall be the duty of the Treasurer to collect and receive the taxes , fines , and penalties imposed by the City Code , Title Two , Article VII , Chapter 241 . It shall also be the duty of the Treasurer to keep a record showing the date of such receipt . b . The Treasurer is charged with the administration and enforcement of the provisions of the City Code , and is empowered to prescribe , adopt , promulgate and enforce rules and regulations relating to any matter pertaining to the administration and enforcement of the City Code , including provisions for the reexamination and corrections of declarations and returns , and of payments alleged or found to be incorrect , or as to which an overpayment is claimed or found to have occurred , and to prescribe forms necessary for the administration of the City Code . c. The Treasurer is authorized to issue a ruling upon written request of a taxpayer or Producer . SECTION 402 – EXAMINATION OF BOOKS AND RECORDS OF PRODUCERS a . Agents designated by the Treasurer are hereby authorized to examine the books , papers and records of any Producer or supposed Producer , in order to verify the accuracy of any declaration or return , or if no declaration or return was filed , to ascertain the tax due . Every Producer or supposed Producer , is hereby directed and required to give to the Treasurer , or to any agent designated by him/her , the means , facilities and opportunity for such examinations and investigations , as are hereby authorized . b . If records are not available in the City of Pittsburgh to support the returns which were filed or which should have been filed , the Producer will be required to make them available to the Treasurer either by producing them in a City of Pittsburgh location or by paying for the expenses incurred by the Treasurer in traveling to the place where the records are regularly kept . c. Any information gained by the Treasurer , by designated agents , or by any other official or agent of the City of Pittsburgh , as a result of any declarations , returns , investigations , hearings or verifications required or authorized by the City Code , shall be confidential except for official purposes and shall not be released except in accordance with a proper judicial order , or as otherwise provided by law . SECTION 403 – RECORDS TO BE KEPT BY THE PRODUCER Producers who collect the Amusement Tax are required to keep such records as will enable the filing of true and accurate returns of the tax and such records shall be preserved for a period of not less than three ( 3 ) years from the filing date or due date whichever is later in order to enable the Treasurer or any agent designated by him/her to verify the correctness 19 of the declarations or returns filed . SECTION 404 – AUDITS If , as a result of an examination conducted by the Treasurer , a return is found to be incorrect , the Treasurer is authorized to assess and collect any underpayments of the Amusement Tax . If no return has been filed and a tax is found to be due , the tax actually due may be assessed and collected with or without the formality of obtaining a return from the producer . Deficiency assessments ( i.e . , where producer has filed a return but is found to owe additional tax ) shall include taxes for up to three ( 3 ) years prior to the date when the deficiency is assessed . Where no return was filed , there shall be no limit to the period of assessment . 20 ARTICLE V SUITS FOR TAX COLLECTIONS , VIOLATIONS , FINES , INTEREST & PENALTIES SECTION 501 – REMEDIES NOT MUTUALLY EXCLUSIVE The remedies provided in Section 502 or Section 505 are not mutually exclusive . The utilization by the Treasurer of one remedy does not preclude utilization of the other . Moreover , use of either or both of the remedies provided in these Sections does not preclude the use by the City of Pittsburgh of any other legal or administrative procedure which can bring about compliance by the Producer with the provisions of Chapter 241 of the Pittsburgh Code and these regulations . Once it has been determined that that a Producer owes a tax , the Treasurer will take all actions legally permitted to enforce its claim . Such action may include obtaining additional information , auditing Producer records , entering into a settlement of the disputed amount of the tax , or obtaining liens on the Producer ’ s property , wage attachments , levies , and seizures and sales of the taxpayer ’ s property in appropriate circumstances . The Treasurer may enter into a written agreement with the Producer for payment of the tax in installments if the Treasurer believes that such an agreement will facilitate collection . The Treasurer may also impose interest and applicable penalties on the tax due , and may seek cri minal charges in appropriate circumstances . SECTION 502 – SUITS FOR RECOVERY OF UNPAID TAXES The Treasurer may sue in the name of the City of Pittsburgh , in law or in equity , for the recovery of those taxes due and unpaid under the provisions of the Amusement Tax , to compel the production of records or to enforce any other provisions of the law . Such suits may also be brought against Responsible Persons . SECTION 503 - LIMITATIONS a . The following periods of limitations shall apply to suits for collection of taxes . 1 .