the City Code is not a valid defense to the imposition of penalties herein for violation . Good faith shall not be a defense to the imposition of penalty . SECTION 505 – FINES AND PENALTIES FOR VIOLATION OF APPLICABLE PROVISIONS OF TITLE TWO , PITTSBURGH CODE a . Violations – No person shall : 1 . Fail , neglect , or refuse to make any declaration or file a return required under the City Code . 2 . Refuse to permit the Treasurer or his/her designee to examine the books , records or accounts of any business , taxable or otherwise , to determine liability . 3 . Make any incomplete , false or fraudulent return or attempt to do anything to avoid full disclosure of the amount of tax due to avoid payment in whole or in part , of the Amusement Tax . 4 . Divulge information , which is confidential under Chapter 201.06 of the City Code . 5 . Fail to make any payment when it is due . 22 b . In addition to any other penalties or enforcement proceedings provided for by ordinance for the collection and enforcement of taxes : 1 . Any person who willfully fails or refuses to appear before the Treasurer or his/her agent in person with the employer ’ s books , records or accounts for examination when required under the provisions of Title Two of the City Code to do so , or who willfully refuses to permit inspection of the books , records or accounts of any amusement in the person ’ s custody or control when the right to make such inspection by the Treasurer or his/her agent is requested , shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and shall , upon conviction , be sentenced to pay a fine of not more than five hundred dollars ( $ 500 ) or to a term of imprisonment of not more than six months , or both . 2 . The fines and terms of imprisonment , imposed under this Section shall be in addition to any other relief granted to the City of Pittsburgh of a monetary nature under the provisions of this Article . 3 . Each and every day that the violation continues shall constitute a separate offense for which a fine may be imposed . SECTION 506 – PERSONAL LIABILITY OF RESPONSIBLE PERSONS Because the Amusement Tax is collected from Patrons , the Amusement Tax is not the property of the Producer but instead is held in trust for the benefit of the City . Any Amusement Tax collected from patrons or deemed included in the Established Price paid by Patrons shall be considered trust fund taxes held for the benefit of the City . Should the Producer fail to timely remit the Amusement Tax due to the City , the Treasurer may assess and collect any unpaid Amusement Tax directly from any Responsible Person or from the Producer , or both . A Responsible Person can show he is not liable for any collected Amusement Tax if he shows the Amusement T ax has been properly refunded to the Patron s who paid the tax . If the Producer uses trust fund taxes to pay a lawful obligation of the Producer , the payee of such funds shall not be considered a Respo nsible Person , unless the payee acts in bad faith or has direct knowledge of the breach of trust . If there are multiple Responsible Persons for a Producer , each Responsible Person shall have joint and several liabili ty for the unremitted Amusement Tax . However , in no event may the Treasurer collect more from the Responsible Persons and the Producer in total than the Producer owes the City . Only the Amusement Tax shall be considered a trust fund asset . Penalties and interest assessed against the Provider , as opposed penalties and interest assessed against the Responsible Person directly , shall not be consider trust funds monies . In an Article VI action , a Responsible Person shall not be able to challenge the Amuse ment Tax calculation derived from an assessment against the Producer once that assessment against the Producer has become final . 23 ARTICLE VI PRODUCER , TAXPAYER , AND RESPONSIBLE PERSON REMEDIES SECTION 601 – TREASURER ( DIRECTOR ) HEARINGS Any taxpayer , Producer , or Responsible Person aggrieved by an assessment by the Treasurer shall , within ninety ( 90 ) days after the date of notice of the assessment , request a Treasurer ’ s Hearing on a form obtained from the Treasurer for that purpose . 53 Pa.C.S . § 8431 . The Treasurer may on his/her own initiative cite a Producer or Responsible Person for a hearing . a . Any taxpayer , Producer or Responsible Person who fails to request a Treasurer ’ s Hearing within a timely manner , waives the right to contest any element of the assessment , and that party ’ s failure to challenge the Treasurer ’ s adjudication will be construed as an admission by that party as to the propriety of the assessment . b . The written petition for reassessment shall contain at minimum : 1 . The petitioner ’ s name , address , and daytime telephone number . 2 . The petitioner ’ s account and/or social security number . 3 . A copy of the assessment notice the party received from the Finance Department . 4 . A detailed explanation consisting of the reason or reasons the petitioner disagrees with the assessment and any documentation necessary to support the petitioner ’ s claims . 5 . Petitioner ’ s signature . c. The completed petition should be mailed to : TREASURER HEARINGS TREASURER – CITY OF PITTSBURGH 414 GRANT ST PITTSB URGH PA 15219 -2476 d. Any taxpayer , Producer , or Responsible Person may request a Treasurer ’ s Hearing so that his tax refund request can be reviewed . e. The Treasurer will abate any penalties and interest only in accordance with 53 Pa.C.S .