part of each serial numbered ticket used at each place of amusement issued to each patron and copies of all leases or contracts or agreements supporting the transactions for permanent use of boxes or seats in any place of amusement . SECTION 303 - TICKET LABELING a. DELINEATING THE AMUSEMENT TAX – for each admission subject to the collection of a tax pursuant to the provisions of Chapter 241 , the Producer shall cause to be printed clearly on the face of any ticket , receipt or any other token purchased by a patron for the purpose of admission to an amusement the following information : 1 . The established price of admission ; 2 . The amount of amusement tax due on line 1 ; and 3 . The sum of lines 1 and 2. b . SIGNS – every place of amusement must maintain , conspicuously posted at the entrance , and near the box-office a place at which the established price is paid , one ( 1 ) or more signs accurately stating : 1 . The established price of admission ; 2 . The amount of amusement tax due on line 1 ; and 3 . The sum total of the established price and the tax . FAILURE TO COMPLY – in the event that a Producer fails to comply with the ticketing and labeling provisions of Section 241.07 ( a ) the Producer shall be subject to the suspension and/or revocation of his amusement permit pursuant to section 241.03 ( c ) of the Pittsburgh Code . ( Ord . 34-1994 , eff . 12-30-94 ) . The failure to comply with the ticketing and labeling provisions will not excuse the Producer from timely remitt ing the deemed collected Amusement Tax . SECTION 304 – AMUSEMENT TAX QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS Q . – Are admissions to a movie theater not taxed if provided by an Institution of Purely Public Charity ? Is a movie theater considered a Performing Art ? A . – No . Admissions to a movie theater are not considered a Performing Art because it is not a live performance , and nor would they be considered an Exempt Performing Arts Production . Q . – Does a Producer of home builders ’ show s , trade shows , or similar exhibitions have to collect the Amusement Tax ? A . – The admission receipts from a home builders ’ show are properly subject to the Amusement Tax . The Amusement Tax Chapter 241 of the Pittsburgh Code extends , by 17 definition to trade shows and similar exhibitions . Q . – Does a Producer of wine tasting , beer tasting , whisky tasting , food tasting or similar events have to collect the Amusement Tax ? A . – The admission receipts from a tasting event are properly subject to the Amusement Tax , if the event is primarily intended to showcase a commercial product or products , even if no live entertainment or recreation is provided . However , if the Producer does not provide entertainment or recreation , but does collect sales taxes or drin k taxes , based on the admission charge or contribution , from the patron , then the event is an Exempt Amusement . A tasting event is not an Exempt Amusement even if historical or educ ational material is provided to the patron if such historical or educational material is not the primary purpose of the event . Q . – A bar with entertainment has a cover charge of $ 10.00 with the Amusement Tax included . How much is the Amusement Tax ? A . - $ 10.00 cover charge X .04762 = $ 0.48 Amusement Tax . Q . – A bar with entertainment has no cover charge , is any Amusement Tax owed ? If so , how is it calculated ? A . – The Amusement Tax is owed . The cover charge shall be imputed per the City Code . The amount paid for admission to the amusement shall be ten ( 10 % ) percent of the amount paid for refreshment , service and merchandise . ( The food and drink for a bar ) . The place of amusement must begin a new cash register tape that will end when the place of amusement ends . Once you have the total sales from the place of amusement you are ready to impute the admission charge . The amount paid for food and drink X 10 % = the admission charge . The admission charge X 5 % = the imputed amusement tax . An imputed admission charge is implied , and the tax will be collected . An implied charge is one that the place of amusement would normally collect . The admission charge is therefore imputed and the tax paid by the place of amusement . 18 ARTICLE IV ADMINISTRATION AND ENFORCEMENT SECTION 401 – POWERS AND DUTIES OF TREASURER ( DIRECTOR ) a . It shall be the duty of the Treasurer to collect and receive the taxes , fines , and penalties imposed by the City Code , Title Two , Article VII , Chapter 241 . It shall also be the duty of the Treasurer to keep a record showing the date of such receipt . b . The Treasurer is charged with the administration and enforcement of the provisions of the City Code , and is empowered to prescribe , adopt , promulgate and enforce rules and regulations relating to any matter pertaining to the administration and enforcement of the City Code , including provisions for the reexamination and corrections of declarations and returns , and of payments alleged or found to be incorrect , or as to which an overpayment is claimed or found to have occurred , and to prescribe forms necessary for the administration of the City Code . c. The Treasurer is authorized to issue a ruling upon written request of a taxpayer or Producer . SECTION 402 – EXAMINATION OF BOOKS AND RECORDS OF PRODUCERS a .