but would be subject to other business taxes . Any parking services provided to a patron that do not meet the definition of Exempt Valet Parking Services shall be considered Taxable Valet Parking Services . For example : ( a ) For a ny parking service provided to a patron by a valet , if the rate charged for this service is not lower than the prevailing parking rate for the area the service shall be -8- considered Taxable Valet Parking Services and the transaction shall be subject to the parking tax . It will be assumed that a parking charge is being collected as part of the service charg e , and the parking tax shall be imposed , collected and remitted to the Treasurer based upon the prevailing parking rate in the area . ( b ) If the parking facility is used by multiple business establishments , or is open for use during hours when the business establishment otherwise is closed , the service shall be considered Taxable Valet Par king Services and the consideration paid by the patro n shall be subject to tax . -9- ARTICLE 2 : REGISTRATION AND ANNUAL LICENSE § 201 . REGISTRATION . Each operator who begins or intends to begin to operate a non-residential parking place or provide Valet Parking Services shall file with the Treasurer , before commencing operation of the parking place , a completed registration form prescribed by the Treasurer , and shall set forth therein the operator ’ s name , address , business location , identity of the owner of the property , a record of tickets , leases and contracts that are to be used and a specimen copy of each , and any other information as may be required by the Treasurer . www.city.pittsburgh.pa.us/finance § 202 . ANNUAL LICENSE REQUIRED No operator shall begin or continue to conduct the operation of a non-residential parking place without obtaining for each individual parking place an annual license from the Superintendent of the Bureau of Building Inspection in accordance with Title Two , Article VII , Section 253.03 of the Code . Proof of payment in full of the parking tax is required prior to license issuance or renewal . Licenses are not transferable between operators nor can they be transferred from one parking place to another . Any operator who ceases to conduct the operation of a parking place shall notify the Treasurer and shall return the license applicable thereto to the License Operator . Any provider of Valet Parking Services is required to hold a Valet parking license from the Director of Mobility and Infrastructure in accordance with Title Five , Article VI , Section 548.02 of the Code . Each license must be renewed annually . . -10- ARTICLE 3 : IMPOSITION OF TAX § 301 . RATE OF TAX . ( a ) Rate of tax . A tax for general revenue purposes is hereby imposed upon each parking transaction by a patron of a non-residential parking place at the rate of thirty -seven and one-half ( 37.5 ) percent for all transactions occurring on or after January 1 , 2009 . The rate of tax may be changed for any tax year by the legislative actions of the Mayor and City Council . However , the tax rate may not exceed the rate permitted by the Municipal Pension Plan Funding Standard and Recovery Act , 53 P.S . § 895.902 . ( b ) Calculation of tax . The following method must be used to compute the tax , whether the tax total is taken from individual cash register tapes or where individual tax collections are not kept for each ticket : Simplified Calculation . For ease of administration and tax collection , the tax return presumes that gross collections include both total consideration from the patron and collected parking tax from the patron . Under this simplified calculation the applicable tax rates is 27.273 % times gross collections . The rate of tax is defined above and will be applied as follows : Parking Fee X Tax Rate = Parking Tax Due For example , where the tax rate is 37.5 % : $ 1,000.00 X 37.5 % = $ 375.00 $ 1,550.00 X 37.5 % = $ 581.25 ( c ) Calculation of total payment . The following method shall be used to compute the total payment collected by the operator and paid by the patron , whether the tax total is taken from individual cash register tapes or where individual collections are not kept for each ticket . The rate of tax is defined above and will be applied as follows : Parking Fee + Parking Tax = Total Payment For example , where the tax rate is 37.5 % : $ 1,000.00 + $ 375.00 = $ 1,375.00 $ 1,550.00 + $ 581.25 = $ 2,131.25 ( d ) Calculation of total payment where there is a surcharge . The following method shall be used to compute the total payment collected by the operator and paid by the patron when a surcharge is imposed , whether the tax total is taken from individual cash register tapes or where individual collections are not kept for each ticket . The parking tax will be applied to the sum of the base parking fee and the surcharge . The rate of tax is defined above and will be applied as follows : -11- ( Base Fee + Surcharge ) + Tax Rate ( Base Fee + Surcharge ) = Total Payment For example , where the tax rate is 37.5 % and the surcharge is $ 10 : ( $ 1,000.00 + $ 10.00 ) + $ 378.75 = $ 1,388.75 ( $ 1,550.00 + $ 10.00 ) + $ 585.00 = $ 2,145.00 § 302 . COLLECTION OF TAX . ( a ) Collection by operator or provider .