due as a result of a deficiency notice , penalty and interest will be assessed from the day the Parking Tax should have been paid to the date of payment . Penalty and interests are calculated in Section 602 ( a ) and 602 ( b ) , respectively . ( d ) Where suit is brought for the recovery of the Parking Tax , the person liable therefor shall , in addition , be liable for the costs of collection , penalties , and interest herein imposed . ( e ) A person ’ s belief that no Parking Tax is due and owing , or the failure of any person to receive or obtain the forms required for making the returns required by the Code is not a valid defense to the imposition of penalties for violation herein . Good faith shall not be a defense to the imposition of penalty . -23- § 603 . VIOLATIONS AND FINES . ( a ) Violations . No person shall violate any provisions of the City Code including , but not limited to any violation under Title Seven , Art . VII Section 763 or Title Five , Art . VII , Section 548 , of the Pittsburgh Code , including , but not limited to : ( 1 ) Fail , neglect , or refuse to make any declaration or file a return required under these Regulations ; ( 2 ) Fail , neglect , or refuse to pay in part or in whole the Parking Tax when it is due as required by these Regulations ; ( 3 ) Refuse to permit the Treasurer to examine the books , records or accounts of any business , taxable or otherwise , to determine liability ; ( 4 ) Make any incomplete , false , or fraudulent return , or attempt to do anything to avoid full disclosure of the amount of tax due , or to avoid payment in whole or in part of the Parking Tax ; ( 5 ) Divulge information , which is confidential under Chapter 201.06 of the Code . ( b ) Fines . Pursuant to the Local Tax Enabling Act , as amended , in addition to any other penalties or enforcement of fees : ( 1 ) Any operator who negligently or willfully refuses to file a Parking Tax Return as required by these regulations shall be guilty of a misdemeanor of the third degree and shall , upon conviction by a magistrate , be sentenced to a term of imprisonment of not more than one ( 1 ) year and/or to pay a fine of one thousand dollars ( $ 1,000 ) for the first occurrence , two thousand dollars ( $ 2,000 ) for the second occurrence , and three thousand dollars ( $ 3,000 ) for every occurrence thereafter ; ( 2 ) Any operator who negligently or willfully makes any false or untrue statement on the Parking Tax return shall be guilty of a misdemeanor of the second degree and shall , upon conviction by a magistrate , be sentenced to a term of imprisonment of not more than one ( 1 ) year and/or to pay a fine of one thousand dollars ( $ 1,000 ) for the first occurrence , two thousand dollars ( $ 2,000 ) for the second occurrence , and three thousand dollars ( $ 3,000 ) for every occurrence thereafter ; ( 3 ) Any operator who negligently or willfully fails to remit the entire amount of the Parking Tax , as determined and required by these Regulations , shall be guilty of a misdemeanor of the second degree and shall , upon conviction by a magistrate , be sentenced to a term of imprisonment of not more than one ( 1 ) year and/or to pay a fine of one thousand dollars ( $ 1,000 ) for the first occurrence , two thousand dollars ( $ 2,000 ) for the second occurrence , and three thousand dollars ( $ 3,000 ) for every occurrence thereafter ; ( 4 ) Any person who willfully fails or refuses to appear before the Treasurer or In -24- person with the requested books , records , accounts , or other materials for examination when required by the Code to do so , or who willfully refuses to permit inspection of the books , records , accounts , or other material in the person ’ s custody when required by the Code shall , shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and shall , upon conviction by a magistrate , be sentenced to pay a fine of not more than five hundred dollars ( $ 500 ) and costs for each offence , and in default of payment thereof may be imprisoned for not more than fifty ( 50 ) days for the first occurrence ; ( 5 ) Each and every day that the violation continues shall constitute a separate offense for which a fine can be imposed ; ( 6 ) The fines and terms of imprisonment imposed under this Section shall be in addition to any other relief granted to the City of a monetary nature under the provisions of these Regulations . § 604 . SUITS FOR RECOVERY OF UNPAID TAXES . The Treasurer may sue in the name of the City of Pittsburgh , in law or in equity , for the recovery of those taxes due and unpaid under the provisions of the Parking Tax , to compel the production of records , or to enforce any other provisions of the law . § 605 . LIMITATIONS . ( a ) The following periods of limitations will apply to suits for collection of taxes : ( 1 ) When a return has been filed but no tax paid , any suit brought to recover the tax due and unpaid must be filed within three ( 3 ) years after the return was due or filed , whichever is later .