be kept by the operator . ( d ) Free parking for employees . If no consideration is received for free parking for employees , a list of each employee ’ s name , job title and license plate number shall be maintained . This list shall be maintained for all free parking at a paid parking facility . ( e ) Other methods . Methods for counting , registering and recording parking transaction information , other than as specifically in these regulations , shall be approved by the Treasurer and the Licensing Officer . Written authorization of the Treasurer shall be required to change or alter the numerical sequence of any tickets . § 403 . REVENUE CONTROL EQUIPMENT . ( a ) Pursuant to City Code , Title Seven , Article VII , Section 763.03 ( g ) , the owner or operator of a non-residential parking place that has consistently underreported gross revenues and tax to the Treasurer may be required , as a condition for licensing , to install an electro -mechanical device which monitors and counts the number of vehicles admitted to and leaving from a non-residential parking place . ( b ) Underreporting . An owner or operator may be deemed to be consistently underreporting gross revenue and tax for , but limited to , any of the following reasons : ( 1 ) Underreporting or failure to report gross revenue to the Treasurer ; ( 2 ) Underreporting or failure to report the number of cars parked in the parking place and/or the maximum number of cars that could be parked in the parking place ; ( 3 ) Underreporting or failure to report the number of tickets issued to patrons ; -17- ( 4 ) Underreporting or failure to report the numbers on tickets issued to patrons ; ( 5 ) Failing to issue tickets , tags , or lease tags ; ( 6 ) Underreporting or failure to report hours of operation ; ( 7 ) Underreporting or failure to report duration of any specific parking instance ; or ( 8 ) Underreporting or failure to report duration of leases . ( c ) Types of revenue control equipment . If , as a condition of licensing , an operator is required to install revenue control equipment , the equipment shall meet one of the following specifications : ( 1 ) Type A . Type A shall be of the type that has entrance and exit gate arms ; synchronized ticket dispenser ; fee computer inclusive of printer and fee indicator ; and counters . This equipment shall have the capability of recording the date and time that a vehicle enters and leaves a non- residential parking place and the amount of consideration and parking tax collected by an operator , and shall meet the specifications of the License Officer . ( 2 ) Type B . Type B shall be of the type that counts every vehicle that enters and leaves a non-residential parking lot and shall include a count module and computer ; and shall meet the specifications of the License Officer . § 404 . POSTING OF RATES . Every operator shall post and maintain in a conspicuous place , at each entrance , a sign printed in letters of such uniform size and character as to be easily read by prospective customers , showing the operator ’ s name , lot address , operator ’ s license number , and a schedule of rates . The schedule of rates must include the rates to be charged on an hourly , daily , Sunday , holiday , event and special bases , and weekly , monthly and yearly leases , which corresponds to those rates stated in the operator ’ s application for a parking license . The schedule of rates must be posted in one of the formats listed below : Format A . A complete schedule listing the category , total charge to the patron with the parking tax included : CATEGORY FEE 1 Hour $ 1.38 2 Hours $ 2.75 3 Hours $ 4.13 All Day Parking $ 6.19 Special Events $ 6.88 Weekly Leases $ 27.50 Monthly Leases $ 89.38 Annual Leases $ 825.00 -18- Format B . A complete schedule listing the category , parking fee , parking tax , and the total charge to the patron : CATEGORY FEE + TAX = TOTAL 1 Hour $ 1.00 $ 0.38 $ 1.38 2 Hours $ 2.00 $ 0.75 $ 2.75 3 Hours $ 3.00 $ 1.13 $ 4.13 All Day Parking $ 4.50 $ 1.69 $ 6.19 Special Events $ 5.00 $ 1.88 $ 6.88 Weekly Leases $ 20.00 $ 7.50 $ 27.50 Monthly Leases $ 65.00 $ 24.38 $ 89.38 Annual Leases $ 600.00 $ 225.00 $ 825.00 -19- ARTICLE 5 : ADMINISTRATION § 501 . POWERS OF TREASURER . ( a ) It shall be the duty of the Treasurer to collect and receive the taxes , fines , and penalties imposed by the Code . It shall also be the duty of the Treasurer to keep a record showing the date of such receipt and provide the taxpayer with proof of payment , which shall be required for license renewal . The Treasurer reserves the right to withdraw this proof of payment and notify the Bureau of Building Inspections . ( b ) The Treasurer is charged with the administration and enforcement of the provisions of the City Code and these Regulations . The Treasurer is empowered to prescribe , adopt , promulgate and enforce rules and regulations relating to any matter pertaining to the administration and enforcement of the City Code .