fifty ( 50 ) days for the first occurrence ; ( 5 ) Each and every day that the violation continues shall constitute a separate offense for which a fine can be imposed ; ( 6 ) The fines and terms of imprisonment imposed under this Section shall be in addition to any other relief granted to the City of a monetary nature under the provisions of these Regulations . § 604 . SUITS FOR RECOVERY OF UNPAID TAXES . The Treasurer may sue in the name of the City of Pittsburgh , in law or in equity , for the recovery of those taxes due and unpaid under the provisions of the Parking Tax , to compel the production of records , or to enforce any other provisions of the law . § 605 . LIMITATIONS . ( a ) The following periods of limitations will apply to suits for collection of taxes : ( 1 ) When a return has been filed but no tax paid , any suit brought to recover the tax due and unpaid must be filed within three ( 3 ) years after the return was due or filed , whichever is later . Where no return was filed , there will be no limit to file suit for the collection of taxes ; ( 2 ) In the case of a deficiency assessment , suit must be filed within three ( 3 ) years after the assessment has been made . ( b ) The limitations set forth in paragraph ( a ) shall not prevent the institution of a suit for the collection of any tax due or determined to be due in the following cases : ( 1 ) Where no return was filed , there is no limitation ; ( 2 ) Where the return is fraudulent , there is no limitation ; ( 3 ) When there is an understatement of tax liability of twenty -five percent ( 25 % ) or more , and not due to fraud , suit must be begun within six ( 6 ) years after the return was due or filed , whichever is later . ( c ) A return filed before the due date is deemed to be filed on the due date . § 606 . – INSTALLMENT PAYMENT PLAN FOR ANY DEFICIENCY In the appropriate circumstances , the Treasurer will enter an installment payment plan and defer further collection action , if the taxpayer enters into a written agreement with the -25- Treasurer . The Treasurer will approve installment pa yment plans only if such a plan is in the best interests of the City . The taxpayer must specifically request the installment payment plan from the Treasurer . For the required terms of any installment plan See , Second Class City Treasurer ’ s Sale and Colle ction Act , 53 P.S . § 27207 and Local Taxpayer Bill of Rights , 53 Pa.C.S . § 8436 . If the taxpayer fails to abide by the terms of the installment payment plan , the Treasurer may demand immediate payment of tax , penalty and interest . -26- ARTICLE 7 : TAXPAYER REMEDIES §701 . TREASURER ’ S HEARINGS . Any taxpayer aggrieved by an assessment by the Treasurer shall , within ninety ( 90 ) days after the date of notice of the assessment , request a Treasurer ’ s Hearing on a form obtained from the Treasurer for that purpose . 53 Pa.C.S . § 8431 . The Treasurer may on his/her own initiative cite a taxpayer for a hearing . ( a ) Any taxpayer who fails to request a Treasurer ’ s Hearing within a timely manner , waives the right to contest any element of the assessment , and that party ’ s failure to challenge the Treasurer ’ s adjudication will be construed as an admission by that party as to the propriety of the assessment . ( b ) The written petition for reassessment shall contain at minimum : ( 1 ) The taxpayer ’ s name , address , and daytime telephone number . ( 2 ) The taxpayer ’ s account and/or social security number . ( 3 ) A copy of the assessment notice the taxpayer received from the Finance Department . ( 4 ) A detailed explanation consisting of the reason or reaso ns the taxpayer disagrees with the assessment and any documentation necessary to support the taxpayer ’ s claims . ( 5 ) Taxpayer ’ s signature . ( c ) The completed petition should be mailed to : TREASURER HEARINGS TREASURER – CITY OF PITTSBURGH 414 GRANT ST PITTSBURG H PA 15219 -2476 ( d ) Any taxpayer may request a Treasurer ’ s Hearing so that his tax refund request can be reviewed . ( e ) The Treasurer will abate any penalties and interest only in accordance with 53 Pa.C.S . § 8428 . ( f ) The Treasurer will issue its decision within 60 days of the receipt of the taxpayer ’ s complete and accurate petition form . § 702 . APPEALS . Any person aggrieved by a final decision of the Treasurer following a Treasurer ’ s Hearing may , within thirty ( 30 ) days after receipt of the notice of such decision , appeal the decision to the Court of Common Pleas of Allegheny County , in accordance with the Taxpayers Bill of Rights . 53 Pa.C.S . § 8434 . If no such appeal is timely filed , the aggrieved party waives his/her right to contest any element of the Treasurer ’ s adjudication , and that party ’ s failure to challenge the same will -27- be construed as an admission by that party as to the propriety of the Treasurer ’ s decision . No hearing or appeal will operate to suspend the accrual of penalty and interest from the date the tax was due to the date it is actually paid . § 703 . REFUNDS . ( a ) Requests for refunds .