The first return for a new business is calculated on the Payroll Expense for the portion of the quarter it was in business . b . The Payroll Tax is a tax that is levied on Employers . Under no circumstance may the Payroll Tax be deducted from the Employees ’ wages . c. It may be necessary to include Form 1099 ’ s issued to individuals in the Employer ’ s calculations of the Payroll Tax . See “ Employee ” definition . d. It shall be the Employer ’ s responsib ility , upon request from the City of Pittsburgh , to provide a list of sub -contractors which includes their name , address , Federal Employer Identification Number ( EIN ) , contact person and their phone number . Historical Note - For the Years 2005 -2015 the Payroll Tax for the First Quarter was due February 28 based on Payroll Expense In October , November and December of the prior calendar year . EFFECTIVE FOR 2016 AND THEREAFTER , THE PAYROLL TAX FOR THE FIRST QUARTER IS DUE ON MAY 31 BASED ON PAYROLL EXPENSE IN JANUARY , FEBRUARY , AND MARCH OF THAT YEAR . e. The Payroll Tax is to be paid as follows : The first quarterly return , which is due May 31 of the current year , shall be filed and the tax shall be paid based on the amount of Payroll Expense during the months of January , February , and March of the current year ; the second quarterly return , which is due August 31 of the current year , shall be filed and the tax shall be paid based on the amount of Payroll E xpense during the months of Ap ril , May , and June of the current year ; the third quarterly return , which is due November 30 of the current year , shall be filed and the tax shall be paid based on the amount of Payroll E xpense during the months of July , August , and September of the curren t year ; the fourth quarterly return , which is due February 28 of the succeeding year , shall be filed and the tax shall be paid based on the amount of Payroll Expense during the months of October , November , and December of the current year . f. Any Employer , who discontinues Business or ceases operation before December 31 of the current tax year , shall within 10 days after discontinuing Business or ceasing operation , if not already filed and paid , file the return hereinabove required and pay the tax to the Treas urer . g. If for any reason the tax is not paid when due , interest at the rate of six percent per annum ( 6 % ) on the amount of said tax and an additional penalty of one percent ( 1 % ) of the amount of the unpaid tax for each month or fraction thereof during which the tax remains unpaid shall be added and collected . Local Tax Enabling Act , 53 P.S . § 6924.303 ( h ) . -11- ARTICLE IV ADMINISTRATION AND ENFORCEMENT SECTION 401 – POWERS AND DUTIES OF TREASURER ( DIRECTOR ) a . It shall be the duty of the Treasurer to collect and receive the taxes , fines , and penalties imposed by the City Code , Title II , Article VII , Chapter 258 . It shall also be the duty of the Treasurer to keep a record showing the date of such receipt . b . The Treasurer is charged with the administratio n and enforcement of the provisions of the City Code , and is empowered to prescribe , adopt , promulgate and enforce rules and regulations relating to any matter pertaining to the administration and enforcement of the City Code , including provisions for the reexamination and corrections of declarations and returns , and of payments alleged or found to be incorrect , or as to which an overpayment is claimed or found to have occurred , and to prescribe forms necessary for the administration of the City Code . c. The T reasurer is authorized to issue a ruling upon written request of a taxpayer . SECTION 402 – EXAMINATION OF BOOKS AND RECORDS OF TAXPAYERS AND EMPLOYERS a . Agents designated by the Treasurer are hereby authorized to examine the books , papers and records of any Employer or supposed employer , or of any Taxpayer or supposed taxpayer , in order to verify the accuracy of any declaration or return , or if no declaration or return was filed , to ascertain the tax due . Every Employer or supposed employer , and every Taxpayer or supposed taxpayer , is hereby directed and required to give to the Treasurer , or to any agent designated by him/her , the means , facilities and opportunity for such examinations and investigations , as are hereby authorized . Local Tax Enabling Ac t , 53 P.S . § 6924.315 ; Local Tax Enabling Act , 53 P.S . § 6924.303 ( c ) . b . If records are not available in the City of Pittsburgh to support the returns which were filed or which should have been filed , the Taxpayer will be required to make them available to the Treasurer either by producing them in a City of Pittsburgh location or by paying for the expenses incurred by the Treasurer in traveling to the place where the records are regularly kept . c. Any information gained by the Treasurer , by designated agents , o r by any other official or agent of the City of Pittsburgh , as a result of any declarations , returns , investigations , hearings or verifications required or authorized by the City Code , shall be confidential except for official purposes and shall not be rel eased except in accordance with a proper judicial order , or as otherwise provided by law . Local Taxpayer Bill of Rights , 53 Pa.C.S .