within the city limits of the City of Pittsbur gh . COMPENSATION – salaries , wages , commissions , bonuses , net earnings and incentive payments , whether based on profit or otherwise , fees , tips and any other form of remuneration earned for services rendered , whether paid directly or through an agent , and whether in cash or in property or the right to receive property , excluding any Passive Income received by Partners or Self -employed persons . The Compensation of a Partner or Self -employed person is that person ’ s Taxable Distributions from each separate B usiness carried on within the City . DISTRIBUTIONS – drawing account ; the owner ’ s account for recording any withdrawals . -4- DRAWING ACCOUNT – a temporary capital account , set up in the name of a Partner or Self - employed person from which the individual can withdraw money or other assets in anticipation of profit of the business . EMPLOYEE – any individual in the service of an Employer , under an appointment or contract of hire or apprenticeship , express or implied , oral or writte n , whether lawfully or unlawfully employed . Individuals who may be classified as an independent contractor under the tax reporting rules associated with IRS Form 1099 -MISC , can be re -classified as Employees for purposes of this tax . I rrespective of the common law tests for determining the existence of an independent contractor relationship , an individual performing work or service for Compensation shall be deemed to be an Employee of the person for whom the work or service is performed unless : ( 1 ) such i ndividual has been and will continue to be free from control or direction over the performance of such work or service , under his/her appointment of contract of hire or apprenticeship ; ( 2 ) such work or service is outside the usual course of the business of the person for which such service is performed ; or , ( 3 ) such individual is customarily engaged in an independently established trade , occupation , business or profession . A Partner or Self - employed person is not an Employee . EMPLOYER – any person conduct ing Business within the City . An Exempt Employer is not an Employer under these regulations . A Partnership is an Employer a s to its Employees and as to any of its Partners providing service in the City . A Partner , conducting one or more business es within the City through a Partnership , where the Partnership does not file a Payroll Tax return with the City , is an Employer . Any Self -Employed Person conducting one or more Business within the City is an Employer . Any person who is classified as an em ployer under the Pennsylvania Personal Income Tax statute is an Employer under these regulations . 72 P.S . § 7301 ( h ) . The term Employer includes any person that makes an election under 26 U.S.C . § 3504 to act as a payroll agent , or any person who both with holds and remits the City local earned income tax , 53 P.S . § 6924.501 , or the City local services tax , 53 P.S . § 6924.301.1 ( 9 ) ( v ) , on behalf of another . 53 P.S . § 6924.303 ( j ) . To decide issues involving joint employers , the City will look to the guidance provided under the Fair Labor Standards Act , 29 C.F.R . § 791.2 ( 85 FR 2820 , effective March 16 , 2020 ) . For example , a payroll reporting company that is not a common law employer of the workers of another unless it is : ( a ) an employer of those workers under 72 P.S . § 7301 ( h ) or ( b ) the joint employer of th ose workers . EXEMPT EMPLOYER – any person that is a Governmental Entity . A contractor or consultant , classified as a Partner , a Self -employed person , or a person receiving Form 1099 -MISC , providing services to an Exempt Employer is not itself exempt merely because he or she derives service revenue from a Governmental Entity . GUARANTEED PAYMENTS – payments to Partners by the Partnership for services that are determined without regard to th e net income of the Partnership . For example , health insurance premiums paid by the Partnership on behalf of any Partner are Guaranteed Payments because they are determined without regard to the net income of the Partnership . -5- GOVERNMENTAL ENTITY – any ag ency , authority , department , or instrumentality of the federal government or of another State , and any unit of government listed under 1 01 Pa. Code § 23.221 . INTERNAL REVENUE CODE – the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 ( Public Law 99 - 514 ) , as amended , 26 U.S.C . § 1 , and following , as it was in effect on January 1 , 20 20 . Any citation to regulations issued under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 , 26 C.F.R . § 1 , and following , refers to the regulations in effect on January 1 , 20 20 . NET DISTRIBUTION – the am ount of a Partner ’ s or Self -employed person ’ s draws from net income from one or more Business es that have activities in the City shall be reported for the Payroll Expense Tax . For purposes of this regulation , TAXABLE DISTRIBUTIONS are limited by the sum of draws or net income for that Partner or Self -employed person , whichever is less .