127 km ) south of Pittsburgh ) , Youngstown–Warren Regional Airport ( 81 miles ( 130 km ) northwest of Pittsburgh ) , Akron–Canton Airport ( 120 miles ( 190 km ) northwest of Pittsburgh ) , Johnstown–Cambria County Airport ( 60 miles ( 97 km ) east of Pittsburgh ) and Erie International Airport ( 123 miles ( 198 km ) north of Pittsburgh ) . Intercity passenger rail and bus [ edit ] Main articles : Union Station ( Pittsburgh ) and Grant Street Transportation Center Amtrak provides intercity rail service to Pittsburgh Union Station , via the Capitol Limited between Chicago and Washington , D.C. , and the Pennsylvanian to New York City . Megabus , Greyhound Lines , and Fullington Trailways connect Pittsburgh with distant cities by bus ; Greyhound and Fullington Trailways buses stop at the Grant Street Transportation Center intercity bus terminal . Popular destinations include Philadelphia , New York City , and Washington , D.C. [ 305 ] Until declines in passenger travel in the 1950s and 1960s , several stations served Pittsburgh : Baltimore & Ohio Station , Pittsburgh & Lake Erie Railroad Station , Wabash Pittsburgh Terminal and Pittsburgh Union Station . Regional mass transit [ edit ] Main articles : Pittsburgh Light Rail and Port Authority of Allegheny County § Bus rapid transit Steel Plaza subway station Pittsburgh Regional Transit , formerly known as the Port Authority of Allegheny County , is the region 's mass transit system . While serving only a portion of the Pittsburgh area , the nation 's 20th-largest metropolitan area , it is the 11th-largest transit agency in the United States . [ 306 ] Pittsburgh Regional Transit runs a network of intracity and intercity bus routes , the Monongahela Incline Funicular railway ( more commonly known as an `` incline '' ) on Mount Washington , a light rail system that runs mostly above-ground in the suburbs and underground as a subway in the city , and one of the nation 's largest busway systems . [ 307 ] Pittsburgh Regional Transit owns the Duquesne Incline but it is operated by a non-profit preservation trust , [ 308 ] but accepts Pittsburgh Regional Transit passes and charges PRT fares . The Bus System lines are labeled by number and letter . These are the largest portion of Pittsburgh Regional Transit and serve on streets and designated busways . Buses serve most of the county , extending as far as Pittsburgh International Airport , Monroeville , McCandless , and the borders of Westmoreland County and Beaver County , Pennsylvania . Meanwhile , the light rail system ( commonly known as the `` T '' ) runs along both new tracks and those refurbished from the streetcar era . The light rail runs from Acrisure Stadium to South Hills Village and Library , taking commuters through one of two routes : one which serves Castle Shannon , Mt . Lebanon , and Beechview , and the other is an express line using railways through Overbrook . Freight rail [ edit ] Union Station , built in 1903 Pittsburgh 's rail industry dates to 1851 when the Pennsylvania Railroad first opened service between the Pittsburgh and Philadelphia . The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad entered the city in 1871 . In 1865 , Andrew Carnegie opened the Pittsburgh Locomotive and Car Works , which manufactured for the industry until 1919 . Carnegie also founded the Union Railroad in 1894 for heavy freight services and it still serves the area 's steel industry , while George Westinghouse 's Wabtec has been a leader in rail engines and switching since 1869 . Pittsburgh is home to one of Norfolk Southern Railway 's busiest freight corridors , the Pittsburgh Line , and operates up to 70 trains per day through the city . The suburban Conway Rail Yard , built in 1889 , was the largest freight rail center in the world from 1956 until 1980 and is today the nation 's second-largest . CSX , the other major freight railroad in the eastern U.S. , also has major operations around Pittsburgh . Port [ edit ] The Port of Pittsburgh ranks as the 20th-largest port in the United States with almost 34 million short tons of river cargo for 2011 , the port ranked ninth-largest in the U.S. when measured in domestic trade . [ 309 ] Notable people [ edit ] Main article : List of people from Pittsburgh Sister cities [ edit ] Pittsburgh 's sister cities are : [ 310 ] Bilbao , Spain Da Nang , Vietnam Fernando de la Mora , Paraguay Gaziantep , Turkey Glasgow , Scotland Karmiel , Israel Matanzas , Cuba Misgav , Israel Naucalpan , Mexico Ostrava , Czech Republic Prešov , Slovakia Saarbrücken , Germany Saitama , Japan San Isidro , Nicaragua Sheffield , England [ g ] Skopje , North Macedonia Sofia , Bulgaria Wuhan , China Zagreb , Croatia See also [ edit ] Pennsylvania portal Cities portal Greater Pittsburgh Region List of fiction set in Pittsburgh List of municipalities in Pennsylvania List of people from Pittsburgh Explanatory notes [ edit ] ^ The neighborhoods are Arlington Heights , Bluff , Brighton Heights , Crafton Heights , Duquesne Heights , East Hills , Fineview , Highland Park , Middle Hill , Mount Oliver , Mount Washington , Northview Heights , Perry North ( also known as Observatory Hill ) , Perry South ( also known as Perry Hilltop ) , Polish Hill , Ridgemont , South Side Slopes , Spring Hill-City View , Squirrel Hill , Stanton Heights , Summer Hill , Troy Hill , and Upper Hill . ^ The warmest daily minimum at the current observation location , Pittsburgh Int ' l , is only 77 °F ( 25 °C ) on July 23 , 2010 , and July 16 , 1980 . [ 76 ] ^ Mean monthly maxima and minima ( i.e .