to make space for the construction of the Civic Arena . [ 13 ] This Civic Arena ultimately opened in 1961 . [ 13 ] The Civic Arena was built as part of one of Pittsburgh 's revitalization campaigns . An auditorium in this space was initially proposed in 1947 by the Regional Planning Association and Urban Redevelopment Authority . The idea of an auditorium with a retractable roof that would house the Pittsburgh Civic Light Opera was more specifically proposed in 1953 by the Allegheny Conference on Community Redevelopment . The following year the Public Auditorium Authority of Pittsburgh and Allegheny County was formed . The Lower Hill District had been approved by the City Planning Commission in 1950 . [ 13 ] Partially as a result of the Civic arena , the whole Hill District is estimated to only have 12,000 residents now . [ 142 ] These governmental organizations caused demographic changes through creating a mass exodus from the lower hill district for the construction of the Civic Arena . [ 13 ] In the 1960s the Urban Redevelopment Authority attempted to redevelop East Liberty with the goal of preserving its status as a market center . Penn Center Mall was the result of this effort . In the process of constructing this mall , approximately 3,800 people were forced to relocate . This proved to be another case of government intervention resulting in demographic changes . [ 143 ] Later on , in the early 2000s , movement of businesses into East Liberty , such as Home Depot , Whole Foods , and Google , created another demographic shift . This era of redevelopment was led by private developers who catered to what one scholar described as “ Florida ’ s creative class. ” This change continued to be supported by the Urban Redevelopment Authority ; particularly by the executive director Rob Stepney , who said of the redevelopment “ We had an inspired and shared vision. ” When describing the result of redevelopment he said “ East Liberty went from blighted and ‘ keep off the grass ’ to the definition of what millennials are looking for. ” [ 143 ] The Pittsburgh government ’ s choices during redevelopment and the resulting demographic changes have resulted in criticism and led some residents to believe that displacement was purposeful . In one article published in Public Source , a resident explains their belief that redevelopment plans are part of “ deconcentration , ” an effort to spread out black and low-income residents in order to prevent them from being concentrated in one place . [ 142 ] Others worry that these demographic changes are part of government complicity in gentrification . [ 144 ] Gentrification is a process where wealthier residents move into an area , altering it by increasing housing / renting costs and changing the market for businesses in the area . This displaces current residents who are unable to afford living in the changed neighborhood . In East Liberty , for example , people frequently cite housing units being demolished and replaced by businesses as evidence of gentrification . For example , when the East Mall public housing unit was demolished in 2009 , and a Target built in its place . [ 145 ] Economy [ edit ] Main article : Economy of Pittsburgh See also : List of corporations in Pittsburgh Pittsburgh has adapted since the collapse of its century-long steel and electronics industries . The region has shifted to high technology , robotics , health care , nuclear engineering , tourism , biomedical technology , finance , education , and services . Annual payroll of the region 's technology industries , when taken in aggregate , exceeded $ 10.8 billion in 2007 , [ 146 ] and in 2010 there were 1,600 technology companies . [ 147 ] A National Bureau of Economic Research 2014 report named Pittsburgh the second-best U.S. city for intergenerational economic mobility [ 148 ] or the American Dream . [ 149 ] Reflecting the citywide shift from industry to technology , former factories have been renovated as modern office space .