[ 8 ] Chartier 's Town was a Shawnee town established in 1734 by Peter Chartier . Kittanning was a Lenape and Shawnee village on the Allegheny , with an estimated 300–400 residents . [ 9 ] Early colonization ( 1747–1763 ) [ edit ] British and French Forts , 1753–1758 , and the routes of the two British campaigns to take the forks of the Ohio The first Europeans arrived in the 1710s as traders . Michael Bezallion was the first to describe the forks of the Ohio in a manuscript in 1717 , and later that year European traders established posts and settlements in the area . [ 10 ] Europeans first began to settle in the region in 1748 , when the first Ohio Company , a Virginian land speculation company , won a grant of 200,000 acres ( 800 km 2 ) in the upper Ohio Valley . From a post at present-day Cumberland , Maryland , the company began to construct an 80-mile ( 130 km ) wagon road to the Monongahela River [ 11 ] employing a Lenape Indian chief named Nemacolin and a party of settlers headed by Capt . Michael Cresap to begin widening the track into a road . It mostly followed the same route as an existing Native American trail [ 12 ] now known as Nemacolin 's Trail . The river crossing and flats at Redstone creek , was the earliest point and shortest distance for the descent of a wagon road . Later in the war , the site fortified as Fort Burd ( now Brownsville ) was one of several possible destinations . Another alternative was the divergent route that became Braddock 's Road a few years later through present-day New Stanton . In the event , the colonists did not succeed in turning the path into a wagon road much beyond the Cumberland Narrows pass before they came into conflict with Native Americans . The colonists later mounted a series of expeditions in order to accomplish piecemeal improvements to the track . The nearby Native American community of Logstown was an important trade and council center in the Ohio Valley . [ 6 ] Between June 15 and November 10 , 1749 , an expedition headed by Celeron de Bienville , a French officer , traveled down the Allegheny and Ohio to bolster the French claim to the region . [ 12 ] De Bienville warned away British traders and posted markers claiming the territory . [ 13 ] In 1753 , Marquis Duquesne , the Governor of New France , sent another , larger expedition . At present-day Erie , Pennsylvania , an advance party built Fort Presque Isle . They also cut a road through the woods and built Fort Le Boeuf on French Creek , from which it was possible at high water to float to the Allegheny . By summer , an expedition of 1,500 French and Native American men descended the Allegheny . Some wintered at the confluence of French Creek and the Allegheny . The following year , they built Fort Machault at that site . [ 14 ] Alarmed at these French incursions in the Ohio Valley , Governor Dinwiddie of Virginia sent Major George Washington to warn the French to withdraw . [ 15 ] Accompanied by Christopher Gist , Washington arrived at the Forks of the Ohio on November 25 , 1753 . George Washington 's sketch of Monongahela River , Allegheny River ( named as the upper Ohio ) , and French Creek that accompanied his journal ( 1753 ) in which he recorded his impressions : [ 16 ] As I got down before the Canoe , I spent some Time in viewing the Rivers , & the Land in the Fork , which I think extremely well situated for a Fort ; as it has the absolute Command of both Rivers . The Land at the Point is 20 or 25 feet ( 7.6 m ) above the common Surface of the Water ; & a considerable Bottom of flat well timber 'd Land all around it , very convenient for Building . Proceeding up the Allegheny , Washington presented Dinwiddie 's letter to the French commanders first at Venango , and then Fort Le Boeuf . The French officers received Washington with wine and courtesy , but did not withdraw . [ 15 ] Governor Dinwiddie sent Captain William Trent to build a fort at the Forks of the Ohio . On February 17 , 1754 , Trent began construction of the fort , the first European habitation [ 17 ] at the site of present-day Pittsburgh . The fort , named Fort Prince George , was only half-built by April 1754 , when over 500 French forces arrived and ordered the 40-some colonials back to Virginia . The French tore down the British fortification and constructed Fort Duquesne . [ 14 ] [ 15 ] Governor Dinwiddie launched another expedition . Colonel Joshua Fry commanded the regiment with his second-in-command , George Washington , leading an advance column . On May 28 , 1754 , Washington 's unit clashed with the French in the Battle of Jumonville Glen , during which 13 French soldiers were killed and 21 were taken prisoner . [ 18 ] After the battle , Washington 's ally , Seneca chief Tanaghrisson , unexpectedly executed the French commanding officer , Ensign Joseph Coulon de Jumonville . The French pursued Washington and on July 3 , 1754 , George Washington surrendered following the Battle of Fort Necessity . These frontier actions contributed to the start of the French and Indian War ( 1754–1763 ) , or , the Seven Years ' War , a global confrontation between Britain and France fought in both hemispheres . [ 15 ] [ 19 ] The Fort Pitt Blockhouse , dating to 1764 , is the oldest structure in Pittsburgh . [ 15 ] In 1755 , the Braddock Expedition was launched , accompanied by Virginia militia officer George Washington . Two regiments marched from Fort Cumberland