across the Allegheny Mountains and into western Pennsylvania . Following a path Washington surveyed , over 3,000 men built a wagon road 12 feet ( 3.7 m ) wide , that when complete , was the first road to cross the Appalachian Mountains . Braddock 's Road , as it was known , blazed the way for the future National Road ( US40 ) . The expedition crossed the Monongahela River on July 9 , 1755 . French troops from Fort Duquesne ambushed Braddock 's expedition at Braddock 's Field , nine miles ( 14 km ) from Fort Duquesne . [ 20 ] In the Battle of the Monongahela , the French inflicted heavy losses on the British , and Braddock was mortally wounded . [ 21 ] The surviving British and colonial forces retreated . This left the French and their Native American allies with dominion over the upper Ohio valley . [ 15 ] On September 8 , 1756 , an expedition of 300 militiamen destroyed the Shawnee and Lenape village of Kittanning , and in the summer of 1758 , British Army officer John Forbes began a campaign to capture Fort Duquesne . [ 21 ] At the head of 7,000 regular and colonial troops , Forbes built Fort Ligonier and Fort Bedford , from where he cut a wagon road over the Allegheny Mountains , later known as Forbes ' Road . On the night of September 13–14 , 1758 , an advance column under Major James Grant was annihilated in the Battle of Fort Duquesne . [ 21 ] The battleground , the high hill east of the Point , was named Grant 's Hill in his memory . With this defeat , Forbes decided to wait until spring . But when he heard that the French had lost Fort Frontenac and largely evacuated Fort Duquesne , he planned an immediate attack . Hopelessly outnumbered , the French abandoned and razed Fort Duquesne . Forbes occupied the burned fort on November 25 , 1758 , and ordered the construction of Fort Pitt , named after British Secretary of State William Pitt the Elder . He also named the settlement between the rivers , `` Pittsborough '' ( see Etymology of Pittsburgh ) . [ 11 ] [ 15 ] The British garrison at Fort Pitt made substantial improvements to its fortification . [ 11 ] The French never attacked Fort Pitt and the war soon ended with the Treaty of Paris and French defeat . [ 15 ] They ceded their territories east of the Mississippi River .