of industrial restructuring and labor tension , Pittsburgh steelmaker George McMurtry hired Frederick Law Olmsted 's landscape architectural firm in 1895 to design Vandergrift as a model town . McMurtry believed in what was later known as welfare capitalism , with the company going beyond paychecks to provide for the social needs of the workers ; he believed that a benign physical environment made for happier and more productive workers . A strike and lockout at McMurtry 's steelworks in Apollo , Pennsylvania , prompted him to build the new town . Wanting a loyal workforce , he developed a town agenda that drew upon environmentalism as well as popular attitudes toward capital 's treatment of labor . The Olmsted firm translated this agenda into an urban design that included a unique combination of social reform , comprehensive infrastructure planning , and private homeownership principles . The rates of homeownership and cordial relationships between the steel company and Vandergrift residents fostered loyalty among McMurtry 's skilled workers and led to McMurtry 's greatest success . In 1901 he used Vandergrift 's worker-residents to break the first major strike against the United States Steel Corporation . [ 43 ] Machine politics [ edit ] Christopher Magee and William Flinn operated powerful Republican machines that controlled local politics after 1880 . They were business owners and favored business interests . Flinn was a leader of the Progressive movement statewide and supported Theodore Roosevelt in the 1912 election . [ 44 ] Germans [ edit ] During the mid-19th century , Pittsburgh witnessed a dramatic influx of German immigrants , including a brick mason whose son , Henry J. Heinz , founded the H.J . Heinz Company in 1869 . Heinz was at the forefront of reform efforts to improve food purity , working conditions , hours , and wages , [ 45 ] but the company bitterly opposed the formation of an independent labor union . [ 46 ] Labor unions [ edit ] As a manufacturing center , Pittsburgh also became an arena for intense labor strife . During the Great Railroad Strike of 1877 , Pittsburgh workers protested and had massive demonstrations that erupted into widespread violence , known as the Pittsburgh Railway Riots . [ 47 ] Militia and federal troops were called to the city to suppress the strike . Forty men died , most of them workers , and more than 40 buildings were burned down , including the Union Depot of the Pennsylvania Railroad . Strikers also burned and destroyed rolling stock : more than 100 train engines and 1000 railcars were destroyed . It was the city with the most violence of any affected by the strikes . Burning of Pennsylvania Railroad and Union Depot , Pittsburgh , July 21–22 , 1877 In 1892 , a confrontation in the steel industry resulted in 10 deaths ( 3 detectives , 7 workers ) when Carnegie Steel Company 's manager Henry Clay Frick sent in Pinkertons to break the Homestead Strike .