Fifth Avenue was dubbed `` Millionaire 's Row '' because of the many mansions lining the street . On March 17 and 18 , 1936 , Pittsburgh suffered the worst flood in its history , with flood levels peaking at 46 feet . This catastrophe killed 69 victims , destroyed thousands of buildings , caused $ 3B ( 2006 dollars ) in damages , and put more than 60,000 steelworkers out of work . [ 57 ] High culture [ edit ] Oakland became the city 's predominant cultural and educational center , including three universities , multiple museums , a library , a music hall , and a botanical conservatory . Oakland 's University of Pittsburgh erected what today is still the world 's fourth-tallest educational building , the 42-story Cathedral of Learning . [ 58 ] It towered over Forbes Field , where the Pittsburgh Pirates played from 1909 to 1970 . [ 39 ] Downtown Pittsburgh panorama , from 1920 . New immigrants and migrants [ edit ] Between 1870 and 1920 , the population of Pittsburgh grew almost sevenfold , with a large number of European immigrants arriving to the city . New arrivals continue to come from Britain , Ireland , and Germany , but the most popular sources after 1870 were poor rural areas in southern and eastern Europe , including Italy , the Balkans , the Austro-Hungarian Empire , and the Russian Empire . Unskilled immigrants found jobs in construction , mining , steel mills and factories . They introduced new traditions , languages , and cultures to the city , creating a diversified society as a result . Ethnic neighborhoods developed in working-class areas and were built on densely populated hillsides and valleys , such as South Side , Polish Hill , Bloomfield , and Squirrel Hill , home to 28 % of the city 's almost 21,000 Jewish households . [ 59 ] The Strip District , the city 's produce distribution center , still boasts many restaurants and clubs that showcase these multicultural traditions of Pittsburghers . [ 39 ] African Americans [ edit ] Further information : Great Migration ( African American ) The years 1916–1940 marked the largest migration of African Americans to Pittsburgh during the Great Migration from the rural South to industrial cities of the Northeast and Midwest . These migrants came for industrial jobs , education , political and social freedom , and to escape racial oppression and violence in the South . Migrants going to Pittsburgh and surrounding mill towns faced racial discrimination and restricted housing and job opportunities . The black population in Pittsburgh jumped from 6,000 in 1880 to 27,000 in 1910 . Many took highly paid , skilled jobs in the steel mills . Pittsburgh 's black population increased to 37,700 in 1920 ( 6.4 % of the total ) while the black element in Homestead , Rankin , Braddock , and others nearly doubled . They succeeded in building effective community responses that enabled the survival of new communities . [ 60 ] [ 61 ] Historian Joe Trotter explains the decision process : Although African-Americans often expressed their views of the Great Migration in biblical terms and received encouragement from northern black newspapers , railroad companies , and industrial labor agents , they also drew upon family and friendship networks to help in the move to Western Pennsylvania . They formed migration clubs , pooled their money , bought tickets at reduced rates , and often moved ingroups . Before they made the decision to move , they gathered information and debated the pros and cons of the process .... In barbershops , poolrooms , and grocery stores , in churches , lodge halls , and clubhouses , and in private homes , southern blacks discussed , debated , and decided what was good and what was bad about moving to the urban North . [ 62 ] The newly established Black communities nearly all endured , apart from Johnstown where blacks were expelled in 1923 . Joe Trotter explains how the Blacks built new institutions for their new communities in the Pittsburgh area : Black churches , fraternal orders , and newspapers ( especially the Pittsburgh Courier ) ; organizations such as the NAACP , Urban League , and Garvey Movement ; social clubs , restaurants , and baseball teams ; hotels , beauty shops , barber shops , and taverns , all proliferated . [ 63 ] The cultural nucleus of Black Pittsburgh was Wylie Avenue in the Hill District . It became an important jazz mecca because jazz greats such as Duke Ellington and Pittsburgh natives Billy Strayhorn and Earl Hines played there . Two of the Negro League 's greatest baseball rivals , the Pittsburgh Crawfords and the Homestead Grays , often competed in the Hill District . The teams dominated the Negro National League in the 1930s and 1940s . [ 39 ] 1930s [ edit ] Pittsburgh was a Republican stronghold starting in the 1880s , [ 64 ] and the Republican governments provided jobs and assistance for the new immigrants in return for their votes . But the Great Depression starting in 1929 ruined the GOP in the city . The Democratic victory of 1932 meant an end to Republican patronage jobs and assistance . As the Depression worsened , Pittsburgh ethnics voted heavily for the Democrats , especially in 1934 , making the city a stronghold of the New Deal Coalition . By 1936 , Democratic programs for relief and jobs , especially the WPA , were so popular with the ethnics that a large majority voted for the Democrats . [ 65 ] [ 66 ] Joseph Guffey , statewide leader of the Democrats , and his local lieutenant David Lawrence gained control of all federal patronage in Pittsburgh after Roosevelt 's landslide victory in 1932 and the election of a Democratic mayor in 1933 . Guffey and Lawrence used the New Deal programs to increase their political power and build up a Democratic machine that superseded the decaying Republican machine . Guffey acknowledged