relationships , the inflexibility of United Steelworkers regarding wage cuts and work-rule reforms , oligarchic management styles , and poor strategic planning by both unions and management . In particular , Pittsburgh faced its own challenges . Local coke and iron ore deposits were depleted , raising material costs . The large mills in the Pittsburgh region also faced competition from newer , more profitable `` mini-mills '' and non-union mills with lower labor costs . [ 79 ] Beginning in the late 1970s and early 1980s , the steel industry in Pittsburgh began to implode along with the deindustrialization of the U.S. [ 81 ] Following the 1981–1982 recession , for example , the mills laid off 153,000 workers . [ 79 ] The steel mills began to shut down . These closures caused a ripple effect , as railroads , mines , and other factories across the region lost business and closed . [ 82 ] [ 83 ] The local economy suffered a depression , marked by high unemployment and underemployment , as laid-off workers took lower-paying , non-union jobs . [ 84 ] Pittsburgh suffered as elsewhere in the Rust Belt with a declining population , and like many other U.S. cities , it also saw white flight to the suburbs . [ 85 ] In 1991 the Homestead Works was demolished , replaced in 1999 by The Waterfront shopping mall . As a direct result of the loss of mill employment , the number of people living in Homestead dwindled . By the time of the 2000 census , the borough population was 3,569 . The borough began financially recovering in 2002 , with the enlarging retail tax base . Corporations [ edit ] Top corporate headquarters such as Gulf Oil ( 1985 ) , Koppers ( 1987 ) , Westinghouse ( 1996 ) and Rockwell International ( 1989 ) were bought out by larger firms , with the loss of high paying , white collar headquarters and research personnel ( the `` brain drain '' ) as well as massive charitable contributions by the `` home based '' companies to local cultural and educational institutions . At the time of the Gulf Oil merger in 1985 it was the largest buyout in world history involving the company that was No . 7 on the Fortune 500 just six years earlier . Over 1,000 high paying white collar corporate and PhD research jobs were lost in one day . Today , there are no steel mills within the city limits of Pittsburgh , although manufacture continues at regional mills , such as the Edgar Thomson Works in nearby Braddock . Higher education [ edit ] Pittsburgh is home to three universities that are included in most under-graduate and graduate school national rankings , The University of Pittsburgh , Carnegie Mellon University and Duquesne University . Carnegie Mellon University and the University of Pittsburgh had evolved in the mid-20th century along lines that followed the needs of the heavy industries that financed and directed their development . The collapse of steel put pressure on those two universities to reinvent themselves as research centers in science and technology which acted to pull the regional economy toward high-technology fields .