These closures caused a ripple effect , as railroads , mines , and other factories across the region lost business and closed . [ 82 ] [ 83 ] The local economy suffered a depression , marked by high unemployment and underemployment , as laid-off workers took lower-paying , non-union jobs . [ 84 ] Pittsburgh suffered as elsewhere in the Rust Belt with a declining population , and like many other U.S. cities , it also saw white flight to the suburbs . [ 85 ] In 1991 the Homestead Works was demolished , replaced in 1999 by The Waterfront shopping mall . As a direct result of the loss of mill employment , the number of people living in Homestead dwindled . By the time of the 2000 census , the borough population was 3,569 . The borough began financially recovering in 2002 , with the enlarging retail tax base . Corporations [ edit ] Top corporate headquarters such as Gulf Oil ( 1985 ) , Koppers ( 1987 ) , Westinghouse ( 1996 ) and Rockwell International ( 1989 ) were bought out by larger firms , with the loss of high paying , white collar headquarters and research personnel ( the `` brain drain '' ) as well as massive charitable contributions by the `` home based '' companies to local cultural and educational institutions . At the time of the Gulf Oil merger in 1985 it was the largest buyout in world history involving the company that was No . 7 on the Fortune 500 just six years earlier . Over 1,000 high paying white collar corporate and PhD research jobs were lost in one day . Today , there are no steel mills within the city limits of Pittsburgh , although manufacture continues at regional mills , such as the Edgar Thomson Works in nearby Braddock . Higher education [ edit ] Pittsburgh is home to three universities that are included in most under-graduate and graduate school national rankings , The University of Pittsburgh , Carnegie Mellon University and Duquesne University . Carnegie Mellon University and the University of Pittsburgh had evolved in the mid-20th century along lines that followed the needs of the heavy industries that financed and directed their development . The collapse of steel put pressure on those two universities to reinvent themselves as research centers in science and technology which acted to pull the regional economy toward high-technology fields . [ 86 ] Other regional collegiate institutions include Robert Morris University , Chatham University , Carlow University , Point Park University , La Roche College , Pittsburgh Theological Seminary , Trinity School for Ministry ( an Episcopal seminary ) and the Community College of Allegheny County . Beginning in the 1980s , Pittsburgh 's economy shifted from heavy industry to services , medicine , higher education , tourism , banking , corporate headquarters , and high technology . Today , the top two private employers in the city are the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center ( 26,000 employees ) and the West Penn Allegheny Health System ( 13,000 employees ) . [ 87 ] [ 88 ] Civic improvements [ edit ] Despite the economic turmoil , civic improvements continued . In the mid-1970s , Arthur P. Ziegler , Jr. and the Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation ( Landmarks ) wanted to demonstrate that historic preservation could be used to drive economic development without the use of eminent domain or public subsidies . Landmarks acquired the former terminal buildings and yards of the Pittsburgh and Lake Erie Railroad , a 1-mile ( 1.6 km ) long property at the base of Mt . Washington facing the City of Pittsburgh . In 1976 , Landmarks developed the site as a mixed-use historic adaptive reuse development that gave the foundation the opportunity to put its urban planning principles into practice . Aided by an initial generous gift from the Allegheny Foundation in 1976 , Landmarks adapted five historic Pittsburgh and Lake Erie Railroad buildings for new uses and added a hotel , a dock for the Gateway Clipper fleet , and parking areas . Now shops , offices , restaurants , and entertainment anchor the historic riverfront site on the south shore of the Monongahela River , opposite the Golden Triangle ( Pittsburgh ) . Station Square is Pittsburgh 's premier attraction , generating over 3,500,000 visitors a year . It reflects a $ 100 million investment from all sources , with the lowest public cost and highest taxpayer return of any major renewal project in the Pittsburgh region since the 1950s . In 1994 , Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation sold Station Square in to Forest City Enterprises which created an endowment to help support its restoration efforts and educational programs . Each year the staff and docents of Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation introduce more than 10,000 people – teachers , students , adults , and visitors – to the architectural heritage of the Pittsburgh region and to the value of historic preservation . [ 89 ] During this period , Pittsburgh also became a national model for community development , through the work of activists such as Dorothy Mae Richardson , who founded Neighborhood Housing Services in 1968 , an organization that became the model for the nationwide NeighborWorks America . Activists such a Richardson shared the aim of Landmarks to rehabilitate Pittsburgh 's existing built landscape rather than to demolish and redevelop . In 1985 , the J & L Steel site on the north side of the Monongahela river was cleared and a publicly subsidized High Technology Center was built . The Pittsburgh Technology Center , home to many major technology companies , is planning major expansion in the area soon . [ 27 ] In the 1980s , the `` Renaissance II '' urban revitalization created numerous new structures , such as PPG Place . In the 1990s , the former sites of the Homestead , Duquesne and South Side J & L mills were cleared . [ 27 ] In 1992 , the new terminal at Pittsburgh International Airport