Transportation in Pittsburgh - Wikipedia Jump to content Main menu Main menu move to sidebar hide Navigation Main page Contents Current events Random article About Wikipedia Contact us Contribute Help Learn to edit Community portal Recent changes Upload file Search Search Donate Appearance Create account Log in Personal tools Create account Log in Pages for logged out editors learn more Contributions Talk Contents move to sidebar hide ( Top ) 1 Roads and infrastructure Toggle Roads and infrastructure subsection 1.1 Streets 1.2 Expressways 1.3 Belt system 1.4 Bridges and tunnels 2 Regional mass transit Toggle Regional mass transit subsection 2.1 Pittsburgh Light Rail 2.2 Pittsburgh Bus Rapid Transit 3 Intercity passenger bus and rail Toggle Intercity passenger bus and rail subsection 3.1 Grant Street Transportation Center 3.2 Pittsburgh Union Station 4 Airports Toggle Airports subsection 4.1 Pittsburgh International Airport 4.2 Other Pittsburgh area airports 5 Pedestrians and bicycling Toggle Pedestrians and bicycling subsection 5.1 Trails 5.2 Inclines and staircases 6 Freight Railroads Toggle Freight Railroads subsection 6.1 Class I railroads 6.1.1 Norfolk Southern ( NS ) 6.1.2 CSX 6.2 Class II railroads 6.2.1 Wheeling & Lake Erie 6.2.2 Bessemer & Lake Erie 6.3 Class III railroads 6.3.1 Allegheny Valley Railroad 6.3.2 Pittsburgh and Ohio Central Railroad 6.3.3 Union Railroad 7 See also 8 References Toggle the table of contents Transportation in Pittsburgh Add languages Add links Article Talk English Read Edit View history Tools Tools move to sidebar hide Actions Read Edit View history General What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Cite this page Get shortened URL Download QR code Wikidata item Print/export Download as PDF Printable version In other projects Wikimedia Commons Appearance move to sidebar hide From Wikipedia , the free encyclopedia Transportation in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , United States Fort Pitt Bridge with Downtown Pittsburgh in the background A large metropolitan area that is surrounded by rivers and hills , Pittsburgh has an infrastructure system that has been built out over the years to include roads , tunnels , bridges , railroads , inclines , bike paths , and stairways ; however , the hills and rivers still form many barriers to transportation within the city . Roads and infrastructure [ edit ] The high number of freeze/thaw cycles during the winter is sometimes blamed for the difficulty of maintaining local roads . Streets [ edit ] A 1795 map of Pittsburgh Pittsburgh is home to several notable streets . Roslyn Place is a small wooden-paved cul-de-sac located in the Shadyside neighborhood of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania . The street was built in 1914 in the Nicolson Pavement style and is home to the historic Roslyn Place district . Canton Avenue is the steepest officially recorded public street in the United States . [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] East Carson Street has one of the largest concentrations of 19th-century homes , which has prompted outsiders to call the neighborhood the City 's Georgetown . [ 4 ] It includes many bars and restaurants as well as residences . Grant Street is the main government and business corridor in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania . It is home to the global headquarters of U.S. Steel , Koppers Chemicals , Federated Investors , and Oxford Development . It also is home to the seat of Allegheny County , City of Pittsburgh and the regional Federal Government offices . It is part of the Pittsburgh Central Downtown Historic District . Expressways [ edit ] Map showing major highways in Pittsburgh and its surrounding region The main highway connecting Pittsburgh to the Pennsylvania Turnpike ( I-76 ) on the east is I-376 , known to locals as the `` Parkway East . '' It includes the locally-notorious Squirrel Hill interchange , where unusual traffic patterns and the adjoining tunnel often cause traffic congestion . Several accidents have involved tall trucks getting stuck against the tunnel roof . Also part of I-376 is the `` Parkway West , '' which leads from downtown Pittsburgh to the Pittsburgh International Airport 's main terminal and leads into the contiguous Airport Parkway and Southern Expressway . I-279 , known as the `` Parkway North , '' runs north of the city to merge with I-79 . It connects the city with the North Hills and the Cranberry area . There is no `` Parkway South '' . I-579 , or the `` Crosstown Boulevard , '' is a spur off of I-279 that alleviates downtown and North Shore traffic headed north or south and to events at either the convention center or the PPG Paints Arena . North of the city , the Parkway North and a short section of Interstate 579 over the Veterans Bridge have reversible high occupancy vehicle HOV lanes for rush-hour commuting , which require a minimum of two occupants per vehicle for use ; no electric/hybrid vehicle `` HOV OK '' program has yet been made available . On August 25 , 1995 , six people were killed in a head-on collision on the HOV lanes after PennDOT employee William Dean Snyder failed to follow procedures . Snyder maintained open the traffic gates for both directions simultaneously . I-579 running through downtown Pittsburgh I-376 approaching Downtown Pittsburgh Belt system [ edit ] Allegheny County Belt System Main article : Allegheny County Belt System Unlike many other major U.S. cities , Pittsburgh lacks a dedicated contiguous beltway surrounding the city . I-76 ( Pennsylvania Turnpike ) , I-79 , and I-70 form a roughly triangular-shaped `` beltway , '' but the distance of these roads from the city center and the need to exit and enter each leg in order to continue circling the city render them impractical as a beltway ; commuters are forced to use secondary roads to go from suburb to suburb . The Allegheny County Belt System is an attempt at dealing with this without building additional infrastructure . The Pittsburgh Wayfinder System is a similar system that aims to guide travelers to popular destinations and services in the city proper . Green Belt on PA 837 Dual Blue and Green Belt signage