Main articles : Pittsburgh Light Rail , Red Line ( Pittsburgh ) , Blue Line ( Pittsburgh ) , and Silver Line ( Pittsburgh ) The light rail network is a direct descendant of the original streetcar system , which once numbered dozens of lines and included interurban routes to neighboring cities such as Washington and Charleroi . The current network comprises five routes on 25 miles ( 40 km ) of track , operated by modern articulated light rail vehicles . Although most is on dedicated right-of-way , including the Mt . Washington Transit Tunnel , trains still street run in the Beechview neighborhood . Once across the Monongahela River trains enter a subway to serve Downtown Pittsburgh . Since March 2012 , the North Shore Connector has extended service across the Allegheny River , via tunnel , to such destinations as PNC Park , Heinz Field , and Rivers Casino . Blue Line train Red Line train Steel Plaza station Pittsburgh Bus Rapid Transit [ edit ] Herron station on the East Busway Main articles : Pittsburgh Regional Transit ยง Bus rapid transit , South Busway , Martin Luther King Jr. East Busway , and West Busway PAT operates over 800 buses on both standard routes and bus rapid transit routes in Allegheny County . The latter use high-speed articulated buses that run at grade and above ground on their own right-of-way with platform stations , much like a rail system . In some instances , such as the Mount Washington tunnel , these buses travel along paved sections of the light rail line . There are currently three routes : the South Busway , from downtown to the southern part of Allegheny County , the Martin Luther King Jr. East Busway , from the Amtrak station to the eastern suburbs , and the West Busway , to the western suburbs . Future plans include extending the West Busway to the Pittsburgh International Airport . All light rail/busway stations outside the downtown have PAT station shuttles that serve the surrounding neighborhoods , and sections of the metropolitan area not served by the light rail/busway system , including most of the northern suburbs , have regular PAT bus routes . The mass transit systems of Beaver , Fayette , Lawrence , Washington , and Westmoreland counties ( including Mid Mon Valley Transit Authority ) operate their own commuter shuttles to and from the city ; the private company Myers Coach Line operates commuter service from Butler County . [ 7 ] The mass transit system of Monongalia County , West Virginia also provides connections to Pittsburgh . In early 2005 the Southwestern Pennsylvania Commission proposed combining Pittsburgh Regional Transit , then known as Port Authority , with the nine surrounding metro counties transit agencies . [ 8 ] [ 9 ] [ failed verification ] A typical PAT transit bus sign . Busway with three PAT buses . A bus in front of Union Station Intercity passenger bus and rail [ edit ] Grant Street Transportation Center [ edit ] Main article : Grant Street Transportation Center Megabus , Greyhound Lines , and Fullington Trailways connect Pittsburgh with distant cities by bus ; Greyhound and Fullington Trailways buses stop at the Grant Street Transportation Center intercity bus terminal . Popular destinations include Philadelphia , New York City , and Washington , D.C. [ 10 ] Pittsburgh 's Greyhound bus terminal Greyhound bus in downtown Pittsburgh Pittsburgh Union Station [ edit ] Main article : Union Station ( Pittsburgh ) Two Amtrak trains serve Penn Station : the Pennsylvanian to New York City via Philadelphia , and the Capitol Limited between Washington , D.C. and Chicago , which uses CSX from Washington to Pittsburgh 's outer perimeter , the AVR on the P & W Subdivision through the Panther Hollow Tunnel in the university district , and NS from the AVR interchange through Penn Station to Chicago . Pittsburgh Union Station PRR train at Pittsburgh Union Station , 31 March 1968 Airports [ edit ] Pittsburgh International Airport [ edit ] Main article : Pittsburgh International Airport Southwest Airlines at Pittsburgh International Airport in Findlay Township The city is served by Pittsburgh International Airport in suburban Findlay Township , Pennsylvania , formerly a hub and key focus city for US Airways . [ 11 ] Other Pittsburgh area airports [ edit ] General aviation is served by the Allegheny County Airport . Its terminal is of a 1920s art-deco design . It once hosted Charles Lindbergh and handles 139,000 private and corporate-jet flights a year . A secondary reliever airport is in the eastern suburb of Latrobe , Pennsylvania . Over the last few decades the Arnold Palmer Regional Airport has been served by 2-3 daily flights from US Airways , Northwest Airlines / Delta Air Lines , and presently Spirit Airlines , as well as serving as a general aviation hub for east hills communities . Other area airports include : North Metro : Butler County Airport Zelienople Municipal Airport Rock Airport New Castle Municipal Airport Lakehill Airport South Metro : Allegheny County Airport Rostraver Airport Joseph A. Hardy Connellsville Airport Washington County Airport East Metro : Arnold Palmer Regional Airport Greensburg Jeannette Regional Airport Indiana County-Jimmy Stewart Airport West Metro : Beaver County Airport Eddie Dew Memorial Airpark ( Ohio ) Jefferson County Airpark ( Ohio ) Herron Airport ( West Virginia ) Wheeling Airport ( West Virginia ) Pedestrians and bicycling [ edit ] Trails [ edit ] Unpaved portion of the Three Rivers Heritage Trail in Strip District Pittsburgh has a thriving cycling community despite steep hills and variable weather . Efforts have been made to incorporate the bicycle into the transportation system . The Three Rivers Heritage Trail encompasses all the trails in the city . The Eliza Furnace Trail , known locally as the `` Jail Trail '' , stretches from Downtown ( at the Allegheny County Jail ) to the East End region , where trail access can be found along some roads . The North Shore Trail spans from the Alcosan plant along the Ohio River