Walk through every decade of Steelers history with interactive displays loaded with memorabilia . Guests can even step into the announce booth and call their own plays as they relive the greatest moments in Steelers history . For passes , museum exhibits and all you need to know for your visit , explore our Insider 's Guide to the Hall of Honor . Outside of the stadium , be sure to head to Art Rooney Avenue on game day for the Steelers Experience and a family fun zone . And , if you 're arriving early for the game or extending your trip by a few days , you do n't need to leave the North Shore neighborhoods for family fun . Steelers Hall of Honor Museum More Cool Things to Do Near Acrisure Stadium Show your Pittsburgh pride by taking a selfie with the Roberto Clemente Statue , which sits outside of PNC Park . Stand at the spot of the Immaculate Reception , the most well-known play in NFL history , where Steelers legend Franco Harris caught a ball just before it touched the grass and changed the fate of the franchise . Ride to the game in style . Park in Station Square and ride the Gateway Clipper on our scenic three rivers , available pre- and post-game . Watch more sports ! The Penguins , Pirates , Riverhounds and Pitt Panthers ’ seasons all overlap with the Steelers . If you have time before or after the game , take a ride on the Duquesne Incline nearby for amazing city and river views . If you need to level-up your gear game , Yinzers in the Burgh in the Strip District is one of the area ’ s most notable sports stores with lots of creative sports apparel for fans . Do n't forget your Terrible Towel ! Go behind the scenes with a tour of Acrisure Stadium . Tours are family-friendly and take fans on the field , in the locker rooms , and more . Tap into sports history at the Senator John Heinz History Center 's Western Pennsylvania Sports Museum , the ultimate museum for Pittsburgh sports lovers . Credit | Senator John Heinz History Center Facebook Page Do n't Forget to Brush Up On Your Pittsburgh Steelers Trivia What is The Terrible Towel ? Created by Steelers radio broadcaster , Myron Cope in 1975 , the Terrible Towel is easily one of the most recognizable symbols in the NFL and waving it during games has become a revered tradition . Towels can be purchased in stadium or at sports stores around the North Shore . What is the song played during the fourth quarter ? When the Steelers need a big stop in the fourth quarter , the song Renegade by Styx resonates throughout Acrisure Stadium . Playing the song is a tradition that 's equally important for fans as it is for players and represents Pittsburgh 's defensive strength in the fourth quarter . What ’ s the meaning behind the Steelers logo ? While it 's widely known that the Steelers are named for Pittsburgh 's rich steel history , few recognize the meaning behind the logo . Each of the hypocycloids represents one of the three materials used to make steel . Yellow represents coal , red is for iron ore and steel scrape is illustrated with blue . Why do Steelers fans chant “ Here We Go Steelers ? ” During games , you 'll hear fans chanting `` Here We Go , Steelers ! '' While it seems like a simple chant , there 's some history behind this one too . “ Here We Go , ” originally written by Rodger Wood and recorded in 1994 , was and still is intended as a Steelers fight song . When should I head to a game this season ? Take a look at the Steelers ’ 2024 schedule here ! The Steelers will be playing 9 regular season and 1 preseason game at Acrisure Stadium from August-January this year . Preseason 8/9 Houston Texans 8/17 Buffalo Bills 7 p.m . Regular Season 9/22 Los Angeles Chargers 1 p.m. 9/29 Indianapolis Colts 1 p.m. 10/6 Dallas Cowboys 8:20 p.m. 10/20 New York Jets 8:20 p.m. 10/28 New York Giants 8:16 p.m. 11/17 Baltimore Ravens 1 p.m. 12/8 Cleveland Browns 1 p.m. 12/25 Kansas City Chiefs 1 p.m. TBD Cincinnati Bengals Week 18 More Football Fun to Discover in Pittsburgh About The Steelers Learn more about catching a Steelers game in Pittsburgh . Learn More The History Behind the Terrible Towel Get the full history behind the Terrible Towel and what it means to football fans . Learn More More to Do in the North Shore : Game Day Bars in Pittsburgh Learn More Monuments , Memorials & Sculptures | A North Shore Walking Tour Learn More Pittsburgh Tailgate Traditions Learn More Steelers Nation , Here We Go ! Learn More Family Time in the North Shore & Northside Neighborhoods Learn More Things to Do Before Concerts on the North Shore Learn More Insider ’ s Guide to the Steelers Hall of Honor Museum Learn More Ultimate Steelers Gameweek Guide Learn More Pittsburgh Steelers Hall of Famers Learn More Related Content : Save Steelers Hall of Honor Museum 100 Art Rooney Ave. , Gate B Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania 15212 Details Open in Google Maps Map Steelers Hall of Honor Museum Steelers Hall of Honor Museum 100 Art Rooney Ave. , Gate B Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania 15212 ( 412 ) 697-7150 Details Website Save Pittsburgh Steelers 100 Art Rooney Ave. , Acrisure Stadium Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania 15212 Details Open in Google Maps Map Pittsburgh Steelers Pittsburgh Steelers 100 Art Rooney Ave. , Acrisure Stadium Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania 15212 ( 412 ) 323-1200 Details Website Save Shorty 's Pins x Pints 353 North Shore Dr. Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania 15212 Details Open in Google Maps Map Shorty ’ s Pins x Pints Shorty 's Pins x Pints 353 North Shore Dr. Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania 15212 ( 412 ) 904-4450 Details Website Save Mike 's Beer Bar