Northern suburbs : North , Hartwood Acres , Harrison Hills , Deer Lakes , Moraine , McConnells Mill Southern suburbs : South , Round Hill , Ohiopyle , Western suburbs : Settler 's Cabin , Hillman , Raccoon Creek . Eastern suburbs : Boyce , White Oak , Renziehausen , Keystone , Laurel Mountain , Laurel Ridge , Laurel Summit , Linn Run , Forbes For hikers/trailblazers that desire a historical or cultural element to nature the metropolitan area offers the Fort Necessity National Battlefield , Bushy Run Battlefield , the Bear Run conservancy containing both Fallingwater and Kentuck Knob , the smaller yet hikable Meadowcroft Rock Shelter features pre-Columbian archeology . The large urban parks described earlier such as Schenley Park includes several historical/cultural sites including Phipps Conservatory and proximity to Schenley Plaza , the Cathedral of Learning , Hillman Library and the Frick Gallery . Riverview includes the Allegheny Observatory and Point includes the Fort Pitt Museum and the remains of Fort Duquesne . For true environmentalists and wildlife fans the metro area includes the Jennings Environmental Education Center , as well the Allegheny Islands State Park , Ohio River Islands National Wildlife Refuge and Ohioplye for hiking and water sports . Tennis [ edit ] Such teams as the Pittsburgh Triangles have built a small but loyal fan base for tennis in the region , being a perennial championship contender in the 1970s and winning a world title in 1975 . Generations later the region still has deep tennis roots with the year-round all-weather Mellon Park Tennis Center being a world class facility for the sport , and helping to develop natives such as Bjorn Fratangelo , Bonnie Gadusek , Donald Johnson and Gretchen Magers in succeeding in international competition and rankings . From 1979 to 1984 the city also hosted a yearly international tournament , the Pittsburgh Open . Skiing/skating [ edit ] Seven Springs Mountain Resort , Hidden Valley , Pennsylvania , Wisp Ski Resort and Boyce Park offer skiing with both PPG Place and North Park offering ice skating . In 2011 , the Pittsburgh Penguins created a new public rink in the South Side neighborhood 's Southside Works called `` Penguin Pond '' . Year round ice skating and skating events can be enjoyed at indoor area rinks including the Rostraver Ice Garden , Island Sports Center , IceoPlex at Southpointe and Bladerunners Ice Complex . Such notable olympians as natives Kristi Leskinen , Kylie Gleason , Suna Murray , Ron Robertson , Mike Seibert , Suzanne Semanick , Jamie Silverstein and Taylor Toth have trained and began their careers at area facilities . Youth sports Youth football Suburban league , Big East youth football league Penn Trafford , Woodland Hills , Greater Latrobe , Jeannette , PHMFA , Arken , Franklin Regional , Plum , Mckeesport , Gateway College sports [ edit ] There are several universities within the city that field athletic teams in NCAA Division I including the University of Pittsburgh ( often referred to as `` Pitt '' ) , Duquesne University and Robert Morris University . Of these , Pitt is the only school that is a member of the so-called `` Power Five `` conferences that are primary partners in the College Football Playoff structure ( the Atlantic Coast Conference ) . Other universities in Pittsburgh that field athletic teams include Carnegie Mellon University ( Division III ) , Chatham University ( Division III ) , Point Park University ( NAIA ) , and Carlow University ( NAIA ) . Football [ edit ] College football in Pittsburgh dates back to the University of Pittsburgh which first organized a football team in 1889 and played its first sanctioned game in 1890 . In the first half of the 20th century , Pitt , Duquesne , and Carnegie Tech ( now called Carnegie Mellon ) all fielded football squads that made `` major '' bowl game appearances from the 1920s through the 1930s . These appearances included Duquesne in the 1933 and 1936 Orange Bowl , Carnegie Tech in the 1938 Sugar Bowl , and the University of Pittsburgh appearing in four Rose Bowls ( 1927 , 1929 , 1932 , 1936 ) as well as nearby Washington and Jefferson College in the 1922 Rose Bowl . [ 55 ] In particular , Pitt was a national power during this era , claiming 8 national championships under the guidance of coaching legends such as Pop Warner and Jock Sutherland . More recently , the Panthers won another National Championship in 1976 and competed for several more through the 1980s . Multiple inductees into the College Football Hall of Fame played at Pitt , including Dan Marino , Tony Dorsett , Mike Ditka , and Larry Fitzgerald . [ 56 ] Pitt is the only university in Western Pennsylvania to still play college football at the highest level , the Football Bowl Subdivision , while Duquesne and Robert Morris have football teams that compete in the Football Championship Subdivision , and Carnegie Mellon fields a Division III football team . Basketball [ edit ] The Petersen Events Center , basketball home of the Pittsburgh Panthers Three Pittsburgh universities , the University of Pittsburgh , Duquesne University , and Robert Morris University , compete in NCAA Division I basketball . Pitt and Duquesne are the traditional basketball powers in the city , but all three universities have made multiple appearances in the National Invitation Tournament and NCAA tournament . Pitt claims two pre-NCAA tournament National Championships in 1928 and 1930 [ 3 ] while Duquesne won the NIT title in 1955 , its second straight trip to the NIT title game . Since the 2000–2001 season , a team from the region has always reached a post-season tournament , with Pitt having won multiple Big East Conference championships and having appeared in nine consecutive NCAA Tournaments , advancing to the Sweet 16 four times and the Elite Eight once . In the years 1941 , 1964 , 1980 , 1981 , 1982 , 1989 , 1992 and 2008 , two of the city 's