'' . [ 54 ] Kayak Pittsburgh is the largest river recreation rental in the area located on the North Shore on the Allegheny River . Suburban Ohiopyle State Park offers some of the best white-water rafting in the country . Trails/Camping/Biking [ edit ] Pittsburgh has multiple mountain biking areas close to the city in area parks and in the surrounding suburbs . Frick Park has biking trails and Hartwood Acres Park has many miles of single track trails . A recent project , `` Rails to Trails `` , has converted miles of former railroads to recreational trails , including a Pittsburgh-Washington , D.C. bike/walking trail . Kayaking is popular on the city 's three rivers . Pittsburgh and its region are internationally known for its extensive and varied trail system . Such assets as the Three Rivers , Ohio River , Youghiogheny River , Beaver River , Indian Creek , Panhandle , Laurel Highlands , Rachel Carson , Five Star and Montour offer stunning , natural , suburban and urban views of the metropolitan area . The Great Allegheny Passage provides an all natural-trail ( non motorized ) link to Washington , D.C. , while the North Country Trail passes through the northern suburbs of the city and connects Bismarck , North Dakota to the Plattsburgh , New York area , with such cities as Duluth , Minnesota and Buffalo , New York in its path . Within the urban core of the city and its immediate surroundings the Steps of Pittsburgh offer an urban hiking experience . `` Urban oasis '' parks that bring the wilds of nature into the middle of the urban core and feature over a mile of trails within their individual boundaries include : Point State , Frick , Highland , Schenley , Riverview , Grandview , South Side , Riverfront , Three Rivers , Point of View , and Roberto Clemente . Large 500–2,000 acre suburban parks that feature several miles of diverse trails each are plentiful throughout the metropolitan area . Northern suburbs : North , Hartwood Acres , Harrison Hills , Deer Lakes , Moraine , McConnells Mill Southern suburbs : South , Round Hill , Ohiopyle , Western suburbs : Settler 's Cabin , Hillman , Raccoon Creek . Eastern suburbs : Boyce , White Oak , Renziehausen , Keystone , Laurel Mountain , Laurel Ridge , Laurel Summit , Linn Run , Forbes For hikers/trailblazers that desire a historical or cultural element to nature the metropolitan area offers the Fort Necessity National Battlefield , Bushy Run Battlefield , the Bear Run conservancy containing both Fallingwater and Kentuck Knob , the smaller yet hikable Meadowcroft Rock Shelter features pre-Columbian archeology . The large urban parks described earlier such as Schenley Park includes several historical/cultural sites including Phipps Conservatory and proximity to Schenley Plaza , the Cathedral of Learning , Hillman Library and the Frick Gallery . Riverview includes the Allegheny Observatory and Point includes the Fort Pitt Museum and the remains of Fort Duquesne . For true environmentalists and wildlife fans the metro area includes the Jennings Environmental Education Center , as well the Allegheny Islands State Park , Ohio River Islands National Wildlife Refuge and Ohioplye for hiking and water sports . Tennis [ edit ] Such teams as the Pittsburgh Triangles have built a small but loyal fan base for tennis in the region , being a perennial championship contender in the 1970s and winning a world title in 1975 . Generations later the region still has deep tennis roots with the year-round all-weather Mellon Park Tennis Center being a world class facility for the sport , and helping to develop natives such as Bjorn Fratangelo , Bonnie Gadusek , Donald Johnson and Gretchen Magers in succeeding in international competition and rankings . From 1979 to 1984 the city also hosted a yearly international tournament , the Pittsburgh Open . Skiing/skating [ edit ] Seven Springs Mountain Resort , Hidden Valley , Pennsylvania , Wisp Ski Resort and Boyce Park offer skiing with both PPG Place and North Park offering ice skating . In 2011 , the Pittsburgh Penguins created a new public rink in the South Side neighborhood 's Southside Works called `` Penguin Pond '' . Year round ice skating and skating events can be enjoyed at indoor area rinks including the Rostraver Ice Garden , Island Sports Center , IceoPlex at Southpointe and Bladerunners Ice Complex . Such notable olympians as natives Kristi Leskinen , Kylie Gleason , Suna Murray , Ron Robertson , Mike Seibert , Suzanne Semanick , Jamie Silverstein and Taylor Toth have trained and began their careers at area facilities . Youth sports Youth football Suburban league , Big East youth football league Penn Trafford , Woodland Hills , Greater Latrobe , Jeannette , PHMFA , Arken , Franklin Regional , Plum , Mckeesport , Gateway College sports [ edit ] There are several universities within the city that field athletic teams in NCAA Division I including the University of Pittsburgh ( often referred to as `` Pitt '' ) , Duquesne University and Robert Morris University . Of these , Pitt is the only school that is a member of the so-called `` Power Five `` conferences that are primary partners in the College Football Playoff structure ( the Atlantic Coast Conference ) . Other universities in Pittsburgh that field athletic teams include Carnegie Mellon University ( Division III ) , Chatham University ( Division III ) , Point Park University ( NAIA ) , and Carlow University ( NAIA ) .