Pittsburgh Sports News - Scores , Schedules , Expert Analysis - Steelers , Pirates , Penguins and more ... - The Athletic NFL MLB NBA NCAAF NHL WNBA Fantasy Football Tennis Golf NCAAM NCAAW Premier League MLS NWSL Soccer Formula 1 Olympics Memorabilia and Collectibles College Sports Opinion Sports Business Fantasy Baseball Culture Motorsports NASCAR Betting MMA Women 's Hockey Boxing The Pulse newsletter Cities Ink NFL Week 6 Updates WNBA Finals Game 2 Bengals vs. Giants Connections : Sports Edition Newsletters Pittsburgh Pittsburgh Steelers at Las Vegas Raiders odds , expert picks , how to watch : Offensive struggles cloud both teams ' outlook The Raiders are starting a new QB , and the Steelers have struggled to get their offense rolling . Will this be close ? Scott Phillips 5 Penguins ' decision to go with Joel Blomqvist overshadows loss : 10 observations Josh Yohe 87 Penguins ' Evgeni Malkin joins Sidney Crosby , Alex Ovechkin as active NHL players with 1,300 points Rob Rossi and Josh Yohe 18 Russini ’ s what I ’ m hearing : Saleh ’ s foiled plan to save Jets offense , Steelers ’ Justin Fields feelings Dianna Russini 196 NHL 2024-25 bold predictions : Breakout players , trades , offer sheets and 40-goal scorers The Athletic NHL Staff 89 Advertisement More Stories Russell Wilson likely to be Steelers ' No . 2 quarterback Sunday vs . Raiders Wilson was noncommittal about making his Steelers debut or what his role will be , but signs point to him backing up Justin Fields . Mike DeFabo 78 AFC North Whiparound : Are Browns , Bengals done ? What 's each team 's main weakness ? Our writers also talk about whether any division coaches are on the hot seat and give thoughts on this weekend 's matchups . The Athletic NFL Staff 103 The 2024-25 NHL All-Intrigue roster : One name from each team to watch this season There are many interesting names heading into the season . Here are the ones we 're especially interested in tracking . Sean McIndoe 142 Penguins get a much-needed win as Joel Blomqvist puts on a show : 10 observations The Penguins finally woke up and crushed the Red Wings 6-3 in Detroit thanks to their rookie goaltender 's fantastic NHL debut . Josh Yohe 131 Penguins ' Evgeni Malkin records 800th assist , becomes 34th player in NHL history to reach feat Malkin is one of only 34 players in NHL history with at least 800 assists and is only the third active player to hit that mark . Rob Rossi 48 Phil Kessel , 3-time Stanley Cup champion , joins World Poker Tour An avid poker player , Kessel was known to frequent competitive games at casinos in cities where he played in the NHL . Rob Rossi 37 Advertisement The NHL Contention Cycle : Where does each team stand now and in the future ? A deep dive into each team ’ s current place in the league , future trajectory and projected upside over the next five years . Dom Luszczyszyn and Scott Wheeler 447 Penguins ' disastrous opening night : Yohe 's 10 observations vs. the Rangers The Penguins suffered a disastrous loss against the Rangers on opening night , a 6-0 setback that drew uncharacteristic boos throughout . Josh Yohe 170 NFL Week 6 picks against the spread : Taking CeeDee Lamb 's advice about perseverance It 's the week of the home underdog in the NFL , with nine home teams getting points this week — 10 if you include the Jaguars in London . Vic Tafur 123 Steelers coverage busts are a problem . Inside the issues and possible fixes : Film room We dive into the film for a closer look at the Steelers ' communication issues , which started before Sunday night 's game against the Cowboys . Mike DeFabo 37 Ranking the 18 MLB teams that did n't make the playoffs : Who is best-positioned for 2025 ? Power-ranking the non-playoff teams : A lot will change , but here ’ s where these clubs stand and how quickly I think they can improve . Jim Bowden 267 Penguins ' Evgeni Malkin is aging , changing and not done yet Malkin , who has been looking to Alex Ovechkin for ways to stay competitive , says he wo n't retire until the Penguins make the playoffs again . Josh Yohe 76 Advertisement Snap management or a benching ? Separating fact from fiction with George Pickens On Sunday against the Cowboys , a Steelers team that ’ s painfully thin at receiver chose to play George Pickens a career-low 34 snaps . Mike DeFabo 109 NHL waiver tracker : Best players on the wire throughout 2024-25 preseason Corey Pronman and Harman Dayal provide analysis of the top players placed on waivers as the regular season approaches . Corey Pronman and Harman Dayal 104 Davante Adams ' trade request : Latest on Jets , Saints , Chiefs interest in WR Antonio Pierce was surprised when Adams called a meeting with the Raiders coach last Monday morning , per league sources . The Athletic NFL Staff 128 Russell Wilson to be full participant in practice , Justin Fields remains Steelers starter Wilson suited up as the emergency third quarterback for the first five weeks . Through four weeks , he was limited to 7-on-7 drills . Mike DeFabo 87 What Penguins goaltender Tristan Jarry wants you to know Jarry sees the public perception of him and is ready to start to show a different side . Rob Rossi 71 NFL Power Rankings Week 6 : Commanders rising ; checking in on fantasy flops The theme of this week 's NFL Power Rankings is fantasy football performance . Be warned : The numbers are pretty bleak for the top picks . Josh Kendall 170 Advertisement Oddly specific NHL predictions for all 32 teams ’ 2024-25 seasons These predictions are so oddly specific there ’ s no chance any will be right . Unless they are , in which case you 'll never hear