The Pittsburgh Panthers football team claim their first national championship . 1916 William Penn Hotel in business . The Pittsburgh Winter Garden begins hosting ice skating and ice hockey . The Pittsburgh Panthers football team claim their second national championship . October 26 : The Syria Mosque opens . 1917 Union Trust Building and Pittsburgh City-County Building open . December : The Pittsburgh City-County Building is completed . 1918 May 31 : Czecho-Slovakia Agreement signed in Moose Hall . The Pittsburgh Panthers football team claims its third national championship . 1920 KDKA ( AM ) radio begins broadcasting . October 2 : The final triple-header in Major League Baseball history is played at Forbes Field . 1921 Robert Morris University is established . The Pittsburgh Keystones , a Negro league baseball team is revised and begins play . American football 's J.P. Rooneys , the forerunners to the modern-day Pittsburgh Steelers , are established as `` Hope-Harvey '' by Art Rooney . August 8 : The first part of the Boulevard of the Allies is dedicated . 1922 The Negro league baseball 's Pittsburgh Keystones cease operations . 1923 The entire Boulevard of the Allies opened to traffic Centre Avenue YMCA opens . [ 37 ] 1924 Liberty Tunnel and 40th Street Bridge open . 1925 September 1 : Pitt Stadium opens . October 15 : Pittsburgh Pirates win the 1925 World Series Pittsburgh Pirates become the city 's first club in the National Hockey League 1926 University of Pittsburgh 's Cathedral of Learning built . 1927 Frick Park [ 38 ] Loew 's Penn Theater , [ 33 ] and Point Bridge open . The Pittsburgh Post-Gazette and Pittsburgh Sun-Telegraph are formed from four pre-existing newspapers . Pittsburgh Symphony Society established . [ 8 ] [ 30 ] The Sixth Street Bridge is demolished and rebuilt . Pittsburgh Central Catholic High School opens . November 14 : Gas explosion . 1928 February 27 : The Benedum Center opens Liberty Bridge opens . Josh Gibson Field opens as Ammon Field . 1929 Amateur Astronomers Association of Pittsburgh founded . Koppers Tower built . The Pittsburgh Panthers football team claim their fourth national championship . 1930 Grant Building constructed . March 18 : Pittsburgh Pirates play their last hockey game . July 18 : The Homestead Grays and the Kansas City Monarchs play the first night baseball game in the city at Forbes Field . The Pittsburgh Yellow Jackets are re-established The first Crawford Grill is established . 1931 Allegheny County Airport dedicated . Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland Pittsburgh Branch built . Pittsburgh Crawfords , a Negro league baseball team is formed . The Pittsburgh Panthers football team claim their fifth national championship . 1932 January 13 : In college basketball , the City Game is first played between Duquesne Dukes and the Pittsburgh Panthers Allegheny County Police Department is established Gulf Tower and West End Bridge built . April 29 : Greenlee Field opens 1933 July 8 : Pittsburgh Pirates football team is formed from members of the J.P. Rooneys and becomes as a member of the National Football League . Primanti Brothers is established in the city 's Strip District . November 6 : Pittsburgh mayoral election , 1933 held . South Tenth Street Bridge opens . 1934 United States Post Office and Courthouse built . The Pittsburgh Panthers football team claim their sixth national championship . 1935 The Monongahela Incline undergoes electrification . May 25 : Babe Ruth hits the final three home runs of his career as the Boston Braves lost to the Pirates , 11–7 . His last home run cleared the right field stands roofline of Forbes Field , making him the first player to ever do so . September 8 : The Pittsburgh Shamrocks of the International Hockey League are established The Pittsburgh Crawfords win their first Negro National League title 1936 March : Flood . The Detroit Olympics move to Pittsburgh becoming the Pittsburgh Hornets of the American Hockey League . The Pittsburgh Americans of the second American Football League is formed . The Pittsburgh Crawfords win their second Negro National League title . November 3 : The Pittsburgh Shamrocks of the International Hockey League end their operations . The Pittsburgh Panthers football team claim their seventh national championship . Dapper Dan Charities is founded by Pittsburgh Post-Gazette editor Al Abrams . 1937 Ohio River flood of 1937 . The Pittsburgh Yellow Jackets fold for the final time . October 22 : The Pittsburgh Americans football franchise folds November 20 : The Homestead High-Level Bridge opens . The Pittsburgh Panthers football team claim their eighth national championship .