Blog Skip to main content Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Go to the home page Click here to go back to the home page Menu Search Cart Tickets & Events Visual Arts Educate Engage Support Visit About Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Logout Login Promo Code Cart Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Close Window Time Out You have exceeded the time limit and your seats have been released . Time left to complete order Featured Stories Fall is for Falling Leaves , Fun , and Free Events ! Wed , Oct. 9 | Celebrate the fall season with a variety of free and low-cost events in the Cultural District . Arts Leaders Honored Through Inaugural Icon Awards Monday , Sept. 9 | For the first time , we presented the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Icon Awards to three remarkable individuals who have made a lasting impact on our community . Getting Ready With Us : Theater Edition Tues , September 3 | Prepare for your next visit to the theater with a few easy steps . Theater is Better Together : Pittsburgh Cultural Trust 's Group Ticket Program Fri , August 30 | Experiencing theater is special , so why not share it with the people who matter most ? Harmony and Healing : Personal Stories from the Lullaby Project Thurs , Aug 1 , 2024 | Nine families experience the power of music to connect , inpsire , and express love . Five Ways to Enjoy Your Summer in Pittsburgh Thurs , July , 18 2024 | We ’ re transforming the Giant Eagle Foundation Backyard into your new favorite hangout ! From pickleball and fashion markets to live music , food , and games , here ’ s your guide to making the most of summer in Pittsburgh ! One Festival , Two Stories : How the Dollar Bank Three Rivers Arts Festival Touches Lives Fri , June 26 , 2024 | The Three Rivers Arts Festival is more than an event- it 's a beloved summer tradition that brings people together in unexpected ways . Dedication in Action : Ginny Kasserman ’ s Volunteer Story Thurs , June 13 , 2024 | Meet Ginny and learn how volunteerism changed her life . From Founding Fathers to Pop Kings and Princesses As we prepare to bring our ten Broadway in Pitttsburgh shows to the Benedum Center , explore what makes each production sing on its own and harmonize as a collective . A Magical Milestone : Liberty Magic Turns Five Tuesday , Feb 6 , 2024 | In celebration of Liberty Magic ’ s fifth anniversary , we ’ re traveling through time and taking a close-up look at the tricks and triumphs behind Pittsburgh ’ s home for magic . The Ultimate Guide to Stress-Free Gift Giving with Experiences in the Cultural District Tuesday , Dec 12 , 2023 | Give the gift of experiences this holiday season Reframing Pittsburgh ’ s Cultural District : A journey in two acts Learn more about the multi-year process of bringing a new look to the Cultural District . Slip into Spring with This Season ’ s ( Mostly ) Free Events Ready to make some spring plans ? We 've compiled a list of some arts-related events in Pittsburgh that we think you will enjoy . 2023 - 2024 PNC Broadway in Pittsburgh Season : A Message From The Curator Vice President of Broadway Programming Marc Fleming pulls back the curtain on the 2023-2024 PNC Broadway in Pittsburgh Season . Be part of the conversation at the Pittsburgh Humanities Festival Thursday , February 23 | The Pittsburgh Humanities Festival presented by Citizens has something for everyone . Ways to Support Black Art in the Cultural District and Beyond ! Another Black History Month is upon us and we are back with another round up of ways to support Black art and artists in the Cultural District and beyond ! Show Some Love to Local Pittsburgh Businesses this Holiday Season Wednesday , December 14 | With the holiday season in full swing , we ’ re here to help you find the perfect gifts while supporting local businesses in Downtown Pittsburgh . Fill up on the arts over Thanksgiving Break Friday , Nov 11 , 2022|The Pittsburgh arts scene has plenty to offer before and after Thanksgiving . Open to Interpretation : Bringing Access to Broadway Wed , Oct 12 , 2022 | Learn the ins and outs of sign language interpreting a PNC Broadway in Pittsburgh show . Featured Dining Partner : Con Alma Hadestown makes its way to the Benedum Center , November 15 - 20 as a part of the PNC Broadway in Pittsburgh series and we have another featured dining partner for you to enjoy before or after the show ! 2022-2023 PNC Broadway in Pittsburgh Season : A Message From The Curator Mon , Apr 11 , 2022 | Vice President of Broadway Programming Marc Fleming pulls back the curtain on the 2022-2023 PNC Broadway in Pittsburgh Season . Artist to Watch : Jasmine Cho Thu , Mar 5 , 2020 | Artists to Watch shines the spotlight on the incredibly talented artists who create right here in Pittsburgh ! Where the Magic Happens : The Benedum Center ’ s Grand Stage Fri , Feb 14 , 2020 | Pull back the curtain and learn more about the Benedum Center 's one-of-a-kind stage and orchestra pit ! New Neighbor in the District : The Standard Market & Pint House Mon , Feb 24 , 2020 | Coming in early March : The Standard Market & Pint House ( 947 Penn ) , a one stop eatery that features health conscious but delicious bites . How Five Installations Transformed Downtown Pittsburgh into a City of Light Fri , Jan 10 , 2020 | Learn how over 50,000 LED lights , an illuminated billboard and the skull of Nobel Prize nominee Claude Shannon are actually the untold emblems of Pittsburgh ’ s identity . Artist to Watch : Dennis Garner Wed , Dec 11 , 2019 | Artists to Watch shines the spotlight on