as an office space and as a flexible performing and visual arts venue . [ 10 ] 2004 was also the first year the PCT organized a quarterly Gallery Crawl in the Cultural District , a free arts open house . In 2005 , the PCT purchased the property that would become home to the James E. Rohr Building , the Trust Arts Education Center . The PCT presented the Australia Festival in 2007 . The Pittsburgh International Children 's Theater and Festival became a programming division of the PCT in 2008 . During that same year , the PCT presented the 2nd Pittsburgh International Festival of Firsts . In 2009 , Three Rivers Arts Festival became a programming division of the PCT . As of 2010 , the PCT 's total revenue was publicly listed as $ 46 million . [ 2 ] On April 18 , 2012 , the Executive Committee accepted Kenneth Milani ’ s resignation from the position of Chairman of the PCT 's Board of Trustees . Veronica Corpuz , spokesperson for PCT at that time , informed the media that the Executive Committee had appointed attorneys Carolyn Duronio and Chuck Queenan as Milani 's interim replacement until a new chairman was found . The current chairman is Richard J. Harshman . Programming [ edit ] Visual arts [ edit ] Wood Street Galleries Exhibitions held in the PCT 's Wood Street Galleries feature new media artists from around the world . SPACE and 707 Penn promote local artists . [ 11 ] [ self-published source ? ] [ 12 ] Recent Wood Street Galleries exhibitions featured work by artists Bill Vorn and Louis-Philippe Demers ( 2014 ) ; Alexandre Burton and Edwin van der Heide ( 2014 ) ; Erwin Redl ( 2014 ) ; Kurt Hentschläger ( 2013 ) ; Chang-Jin Lee ( 2013 ) ; and Ryoji Ikeda ( 2013 ) . [ 13 ] Public art [ edit ] Agnes R. Katz Plaza at 7th Avenue and Penn Avenue The PCT has seven public art projects on display year-round in Pittsburgh 's Cultural District . They include the following : Allegheny Riverfront Park located at the Allegheny riverfront , Rachel Carson Bridge to Fort Duquesne Bridge . The park was commissioned in the early 1990s when the PCT 's District Plan included the creation of a riverfront park to border the northern boundary of the Cultural District , Pittsburgh . The PCT 's then Public Arts Advisory Committee commissioned a first-time collaboration between artist Ann Hamilton and landscape architect Michael Van Valkenburgh to create the park . [ 14 ] Agnes R. Katz Plaza located at 7th Avenue & Penn Avenue . Kata Plaza , commissioned in 1998 , features Louise Bourgeois sculptures , including three granite benches shaped like eyeballs and the centerpiece 25-foot-tall bronze fountain . Landscape architect Dan Kiley and architect Michael Graves also worked on the project . [ 15 ] Cell Phone Disco located at Tito Way & Exchange Way .