Dr. Herbert Boyer – co-founder of Genentech John Baptiste Ford – PPG Industries Ed Grier – Disneyland Joseph A. Hardy III – 84 Lumber Bob Stupak – Vegas Stratosphere Labor [ edit ] David J. McDonald – president of steelworkers union Theodore Schaffer – president of the Amalgamated Association of Iron , Steel , and Tin Workers Fannie Sellins – union organizer John Sheridan Weller – attorney and politician Joseph Yablonski – UMW Religion [ edit ] Catherine Anne Cesnik ( 1942–1969 ) – Catholic nun who was murdered Cardinal Daniel DiNardo – archbishop of Galveston-Houston Thomas Dolinay – archbishop Joseph R. Lamonde Cardinal Adam Maida – Emeritus Archbishop of Detroit Janice McLaughlin – Catholic nun and human rights activist Madalyn Murray O'Hair – founder of American Atheists William Passavant George Rapp – founder of the religious sect Harmonists Charles Owen Rice Charles Taze Russell – founder of Watch Tower Bible & Tract Society R. C. Sproul – theologian Thomas J. Tobin – auxiliary bishop of Pittsburgh , bishop of Youngstown OH , and current bishop of Providence , Rhode Island Cardinal Donald Wuerl – eleventh bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Pittsburgh , current Archbishop of Washington David Zubik – twelfth and current bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Pittsburgh Science and engineering [ edit ] Ross Allen – herpetologist Frederick S. Billig – scramjet pioneer Daniel Chamovitz – biologist , author of What a Plant Knows , and President of Ben Gurion University of the Negev [ 12 ] Yuan Chang – virologist , co-discoverer of causes of several viral cancers , including Kaposi 's sarcoma Norman Christ – physicist Childs Frick George Otto Gey – scientist who propagated the HeLa cell line William Jacob Holland – entomologist and chancellor of the Western University of Pennsylvania Irene Jakab ( 1919–2011 ) – native of Hungary , psychiatrist and humanist ; member of the faculties of Harvard University , the University of Pittsburgh and the McLean Hospital Ayana Jordan – addiction psychiatrist Randy Pausch – founder of Alice , and man behind the Last Lecture David M. Pozar – electrical engineer and academician [ 13 ] Jonas Salk – physician , inventor of first polio vaccine Alex Shigo – arboriculturist and horticulturist Clifford Shull – Nobel Prize winner Herbert A. Simon – Carnegie Mellon University professor ; winner of Nobel Prize for Economics Thomas Starzl – pioneering transplant surgeon in liver and multiorgan transplantation Jesse Steinfeld – United States Surgeon General under Nixon Otto Stern – German-American physicist and Nobel laureate , known for his studies of molecular beams ; Carnegie Institute of Technology professor Nicholas E. Wagman Sandra Welner ( 1958–2001 ) – physician , advocate for disabled women 's healthcare Jerome Wolken ( 1917–1999 ) – biophysicist [ 14 ] Jamie Zawinski Jonathan Zittrain – professor of Internet law and computer science at Harvard Vladimir Zworykin – engineer and inventor , developed an early form of television ; the IEEE presents a Vladimir Zworykin Award for outstanding contributions to development of television technology Military [ edit ] 18th-century leaders [ edit ] Ebenezer Denny – 10th Adjutant General of the U.S. Army 19th-century leaders [ edit ] John M. Corse Benjamin Grierson – Civil War and Buffalo Soldier Alexander Hays – Brigadier General * , repulsed Pickett 's Charge at Gettysburg Francis J. Herron Alexander Murray – Admiral James Scott Negley – Major General Civil War hero of Murfreesboro Thomas A. Rowley ( 1808–1892 ) – Brigadier-general ; Gettysburg ; Civil War Jacob B. Sweitzer – General * Civil War , led major offensives at Gettysburg Samuel Baldwin Marks Young 20th-century leaders [ edit ] Joseph R. Lamonde Manus MacCloskey – Brigadier General Samuel Baldwin Marks Young – first Chief of Staff of the Army 21st-century leaders [ edit ] Michael Hayden – USAF * * * * , Director of NSA , CIA Harry E. Miller Jr. – major general who commanded the 42nd Infantry Division [ 15 ] Medal recipients : Civil War [ edit ] Charles Higby Alexander Kelly Alfred L. Pearson – Medal of Honor James Schoonmaker Medal recipients : United States occupation of Veracruz [ edit ] Charles Bishop Robert Semple Medal recipients : World War I [ edit ] Joseph H. Thompson — Medal of Honor Medal recipients : World War II [ edit ] Arthur V. Ely Charles E. Kelly Archibald Mathies Medal recipients : Vietnam [ edit ] William D. Morgan William R. Prom Astronauts [ edit ] Jay Apt – astronaut and professor Mike Fincke – Colonel , United States Air Force Terry Hart – Lieutenant Colonel , United States Air Force James Irwin – Apollo Lunar Module pilot of Apollo 15 and eighth person to walk on the Moon Other military [ edit ] Thomas Enright - first soldier from Pennsylvania , and possibly first American soldier , killed in World War I Adrian Cronauer – Airman , radio personality , subject of Good Morning , Vietnam Charles Graner – U.S. Army reservist convicted of prisoner abuse in connection with 2003–2004 Abu Ghraib prisoner abuse scandal Government [ edit ] Governors and mayors [ edit ] See also : Mayors of Pittsburgh Bob Cranmer – Allegheny County Commissioner Justin Fairfax – Lieutenant Governor of Virginia Bob Filner – San Diego Mayor John F. Forward Sr. – 12th mayor of San Diego John F. Forward Jr. – 21st mayor of San Diego Barbara Hafer – first female Allegheny County Commissioner E. W. Marland – Governor of Oklahoma Elliot S. N. Morgan – Wyoming governor Janet Napolitano – Arizona governor Tom Ridge – Governor 1995–2001 ; first Secretary of Homeland Security John K. Tener – Governor , former MLB pitcher Dick Thornburgh – Governor 1979–1987 ; U.S. Attorney General 1987–1991 Tom Vilsack – Iowa Governor , 1999–2007 ; Agriculture Secretary , 2009–2017 Congressmen and senators [ edit ] John Dalzell – Congressman 1887–1913 ; Chairman of the Ways and Means committee 1898–1913 Harmar Denny – Congressman 1825–1837 Bob Filner – California Congressman 1993–2012 Orrin Hatch – Utah Senator , 1977–2019 John Heinz – Congressman 1971–1977 , Senator 1977–1991 Thomas Marshall Howe