. Carnegie 's vision was to open a vocational training school for the sons and daughters of working-class Pittsburghers , many of whom worked in his mills . Carnegie was inspired for the design of his school by the Pratt Institute in Brooklyn , New York , founded by industrialist Charles Pratt in 1887 . [ 20 ] In 1912 , the institution changed its name to Carnegie Institute of Technology ( CIT ) and began offering four-year degrees . During this time , CIT consisted of four constituent schools : the School of Fine and Applied Arts , the School of Apprentices and Journeymen , the School of Science and Technology , and the Margaret Morrison Carnegie School for Women . The Mellon Institute of Industrial Research was founded in 1913 by banker and industrialist brothers Andrew Mellon ( who went on to become U.S. Treasury Secretary ) and Richard B. Mellon in honor of their father , Thomas Mellon , patriarch of the Mellon family . The Institute began as a research organization that performed contract work for government and industry , initially as a department within the University of Pittsburgh . In 1927 , the Mellon Institute was incorporated as an independent nonprofit . In 1937 , the Mellon Institute 's iconic building was completed on Fifth Avenue . [ 21 ] In 1967 , with support from Paul Mellon , the Carnegie Institute of Technology merged with the Mellon Institute of Industrial Research to become Carnegie Mellon University . In 1973 , Carnegie Mellon 's coordinate women 's college , the Margaret Morrison Carnegie College , merged its academic programs with the rest of the university . [ 22 ] The industrial research mission of the Mellon Institute survived the merger as the Carnegie Mellon Research Institute ( CMRI ) and continued doing work on contract to industry and government . In 2001 , CMRI 's programs were subsumed by other parts of the university or spun off into autonomous entities . [ 23 ] Campus [ edit ] The main campus in Pittsburgh as seen from the 36th floor of the Cathedral of Learning at the University of Pittsburgh , August 2015 . Overview [ edit ] Carnegie Mellon 's 157.2 acre ( 63 ha ) main campus is five miles ( 8 km ) from downtown Pittsburgh , between Schenley Park and the neighborhoods of Squirrel Hill , Shadyside , and Oakland . [ 5 ] Carnegie Mellon is bordered to the west by the campus of the University of Pittsburgh . Carnegie Mellon owns 81 buildings in the Oakland and Squirrel Hill neighborhoods of Pittsburgh . For decades , the center of student life on campus was Skibo Hall , the university 's student union . Built in the 1950s , Skibo Hall 's design was typical of mid-century modern architecture but was poorly equipped to deal with advances in computer and internet connectivity . The original Skibo Hall was razed in the summer of 1994 and replaced by a new student union that is fully Wi-Fi enabled . Known as the University Center , the building was dedicated in 1996 . In 2014 , Carnegie Mellon re-dedicated the University Center as the Cohon University Center in recognition of the eighth president of the university , Jared Cohon . [ 24 ] A large grassy area known as `` The Cut '' forms the backbone of the campus , with a separate grassy area known as `` The Mall '' running perpendicular . The Cut was formed by filling in a ravine ( hence the name ) with soil from a nearby hill that was leveled to build the College of Fine Arts building . The northwestern part of the campus ( home to Hamburg Hall , Newell-Simon Hall , Smith Hall , and Gates Hillman Complex ) was acquired from the United States Bureau of Mines in the 1980s . Carnegie Mellon has been purchasing 100 % renewable energy for its electricity since 2011 . [ 25 ] A panoramic view of Carnegie Mellon University 's Pittsburgh campus from the College of Fine Arts Lawn . From left to right : College of Fine Arts , Hunt Library , Baker and Porter Hall , Hamerschlag Hall , University of Pittsburgh 's Cathedral of Learning ( in the background ) , Wean Hall and Doherty Hall , Purnell Center , and the Cohon University Center . Also visible are `` The Fence '' , and the Walking to the Sky sculpture . Campus architecture and design [ edit ] The campus began to take shape in the Beaux-Arts architecture style of George Carnegie Palmer and Henry Hornbostel of Palmer & Hornbostel , winners of the 1904 competition to design the original institution and later the founder of the Carnegie Mellon School of Architecture . [ 26 ] There was little change to the campus between the first and second World War . A 1938 master plan by Githens and Keally suggested acquisition of new land along Forbes Avenue , but the plan was not fully implemented . The period starting with the construction of the Hall of the Arts building ( former home of the Graduate School of Industrial Administration ) in 1952 and ending with Wean Hall in 1971 saw the institutional change from Carnegie Institute of Technology to Carnegie Mellon University . New facilities were needed to respond to the university 's growing national reputation in artificial intelligence , business , robotics and the arts . In addition , an expanding student population demanded improved facilities for student life , athletics and libraries . The campus finally expanded to Forbes Avenue from its original land along Schenley Park . Hamerschlag , Roberts , and Scott Halls are three of the teaching facilities of the College of Engineering The buildings of this era reflected contemporary architectural styles . The International Style , with its rejection of historical tradition and its emphases on functionalism and expression of structure , had been in vogue in European settings since the 1930s .