The 68th Tony Awards in 2014 announced Carnegie Mellon as its first educational partner in jointly awarding the `` Tony Honor for Excellence in Theatre Education '' , which will `` honor kindergarten through high school ( K-12 ) theatre educators '' . [ 122 ] Schools and divisions [ edit ] Margaret Morrison Carnegie Hall , home of the Carnegie Mellon School of Architecture and Carnegie Mellon School of Design The College of Engineering includes seven engineering departments ( Biomedical Engineering , Chemical Engineering , Civil and Environmental Engineering , Electrical and Computer Engineering , Engineering and Public Policy , Mechanical Engineering , and Materials Science and Engineering ) , two interdisciplinary institutes ( the Information Networking Institute and the Integrated Innovation Institute ) , and the Engineering Research Accelerator . The College of Fine Arts is one of the oldest colleges of fine arts in the United States , and today it is a federation of five distinct schools : The School of Architecture , The School of Music , The School of Design , The School of Drama , and The School of Art . [ 123 ] [ 124 ] [ 125 ] The college shares research projects , interdisciplinary centers and educational programs with other units across the university . [ 126 ] The College of Fine Arts runs master 's programs in Arts Management and Entertainment Industry Management with the Heinz College , as well as interdisciplinary undergraduate programs with the Dietrich College of Humanities and Social Sciences ( BHA ) , Mellon College of Science ( BSA ) , the School of Computer Science ( BCSA ) , and the College of Engineering ( BESA ) . [ 127 ] The Dietrich College of Humanities and Social Sciences is the university 's liberal arts college and emphasizes the study of the human condition through rigorous analysis and technology . Departments include English , History , Modern Languages , Philosophy , Psychology , Social and Decision Sciences , and Statistics as well as an Institute for Politics and Strategy . The college also offers undergraduate degree programs in Information Systems , Economics ( jointly with the Tepper School of Business ) , and the Bachelor of Humanities and Arts ( BHA ) with the College of Fine Arts . [ 128 ] The H. John Heinz III College of Information Systems and Public Policy offers top-ranked master 's degrees in Public Policy and Management , Health Care Policy and Management , Medical Management , Public Management , Information Systems and Management , Information Technology , and Information Security Policy and Management . The Heinz College also runs master 's programs in Arts Management and Entertainment Industry Management with the College of Fine Arts . Heinz College consists of the School of Information Systems & Management and the School of Public Policy & Management . It also offers several PhD and executive education programs . The Mellon College of Science has four departments : Biological Sciences , Chemistry , Mathematical Sciences , and Physics . The college is expanding efforts in neuroscience , green chemistry , bioinformatics , computational biology , nanotechnology , computational finance , cosmology , sensor research , and biological physics . It also offers an undergraduate Bachelor of Science and Arts ( BSA ) degree in conjunction with the College of Fine Arts . [ 129 ] Inside the Gates-Hillman Complex of the School of Computer Science . The School of Computer Science : Carnegie Mellon helped define , and continually redefines , the field of computer science . The School of Computer Science is recognized internationally as one of the top schools for computer science [ 130 ] and has been consistently ranked the best in the country . The School of Computer Science includes seven departments : the Computer Science Department , Ray and Stephanie Lane Computational Biology Department , Robotics Institute , Machine Learning Department , the Human–Computer Interaction Institute , the Language Technologies Institute , and the Software and Societal Systems Department ( S3D ) . It additionally offers the undergraduate Bachelor of Computer Science and Arts ( BCSA ) degree in conjunction with the College of Fine Arts . [ 131 ] The Tepper School of Business ( formerly the Graduate School of Industrial Administration ) offers undergraduate programs in Business Administration and Economics ( the latter jointly with the Dietrich College ) , master 's degrees in Business Administration ( MBA ) , Product Management ( MSPM ) and joint degrees in Computational Finance ( MSCF ) with the Dietrich College of Humanities and Social Sciences , the Mellon College of Science , the Heinz College , and the School of Computer Science . In addition , joint degrees are offered with Civil and Environmental Engineering and the Heinz College .