Carnegie Mellon also develops cross-disciplinary and university-wide institutes and initiatives to take advantage of strengths in various colleges and departments and develop solutions in critical social and technical problems . To date , these have included the Cylab Security and Privacy Institute , the Wilton E. Scott Institute for Energy Innovation , the Neuroscience Institute , the Simon Initiative , and the Disruptive Healthcare Technology Institute . Carnegie Mellon has made a concerted effort to attract corporate research labs , offices , and partnerships to the Pittsburgh campus . Apple Inc. , Intel , Google , Microsoft , Disney , Facebook , IBM , General Motors , Bombardier Inc. , Yahoo ! , Uber , Tata Consultancy Services , Ansys , Boeing , Robert Bosch GmbH , and the Rand Corporation have established a presence on or near campus . In collaboration with Intel , Carnegie Mellon has pioneered research into claytronics . [ 111 ] International activities [ edit ] Part of Carnegie Mellon 's Education City campus in Qatar . In addition to its Pittsburgh campus , Carnegie Mellon has a branch campus in the Middle East , Carnegie Mellon University in Qatar , which offers a full undergraduate curriculum with degree programs in computer science , business administration , biology , computational biology , and information systems . The campus is located in Doha 's Education City which is home to multiple other U.S. universities all of which are funded by the Qatar Foundation . The Qatari campus has been the subject of controversy , as Islamic cultural values and laws in Qatar differ greatly from the core values of Carnegie Mellon . [ 112 ] Additionally , Carnegie Mellon and other U.S. universities in Education City have been criticized for being essentially complicit in Qatar 's corruption , connections with Hamas and their questionable human rights record by continuing to operate there . [ 112 ] [ 113 ] [ 114 ] [ 115 ] It also has graduate-level extension campuses in Mountain View , California in the heart of Silicon Valley ( offering masters programs in Software Engineering and Software Management ) . The Tepper School of Business maintains a satellite center in downtown Manhattan and the Heinz College maintains one in Adelaide , Australia . The Heinz College , the Institute for Politics and Strategy , and the Department of Engineering and Public Policy host centers in Washington , D.C. as part of degree programs , research , and government affairs initiatives as well as being a part of the University of California , Washington Center . Carnegie Mellon also established the Integrative Media Program at Steiner Studios in Brooklyn , New York . Carnegie Mellon also maintains the Carnegie Mellon Los Angeles Center in North Hollywood , California where students in the Master of Entertainment Industry Management program are required to relocate to Los Angeles in their second year and attend classes at this facility . Carnegie Mellon 's Information Networking Institute offers graduate programs in Athens , Greece and Kobe , Japan , in collaboration with Athens Information Technology and the Hyogo Institute of Information Education Foundation , respectively . In the fall of 2007 , the cities of Aveiro and Lisbon , Portugal were added to the Information Networking Institute 's remote locations . The Software and Societal Systems Department ( S3D ) offers graduate programs in Coimbra , Portugal . The Entertainment Technology Center offers graduate programs in Portugal , Japan , and Singapore . The Human–Computer Interaction Institute offers a master 's degree in conjunction with the University of Madeira , in Portugal at the jointly founded Madeira Interactive Technologies Institute . The College of Engineering has an international location in Kigali , Rwanda offering the Master of Science in Information Technology and the Master of Science in Electrical and Computer Engineering . In popular culture [ edit ] This section needs additional citations for verification . Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources in this section . Unsourced material may be challenged and removed . ( November 2016 ) ( Learn how and when to remove this message ) The campus of Carnegie Mellon in Pittsburgh has served as the locale for many motion pictures . Alumnus George A. Romero filmed Creepshow ( 1982 ) in and around Margaret Morrison Carnegie Hall . [ 116 ] Much of the on-campus scenes in the 2000 film Wonder Boys , starring Michael Douglas and Tobey Maguire , were filmed in Carnegie Mellon 's campus . [ 117 ] Other movies filmed at Carnegie Mellon include The Mothman Prophecies , Dogma , Lorenzo 's Oil , Hoffa , The Dark Knight Rises , Where 'd You Go , Bernadette , and Flashdance . The university is also featured prominently in the films Smart People , Monkey Shines , and in the anime Summer Wars . The musical Pippin was originally conceived by Stephen Schwartz as a student musical performed by the Scotch ' n'Soda student theatre troupe . [ 118 ] Schwartz also collaborated with drama student John-Michael Tebelak to expand his master 's thesis project titled Godspell , created under the direction of Lawrence Carra , into a musical . [ 119 ] While enrolled at Carnegie Mellon , acting students Michael McKean and David Lander ( class of 1969 ) created the characters `` Lenny and Squiggy '' . [ 120 ] The pair continued performing the characters in live comedy routines before joining the cast of the TV series Laverne & Shirley . In 2008 , Carnegie Mellon professor Randy Pausch 's `` Last Lecture `` became a pop culture phenomenon . Based on a lecture he gave in September 2007 – shortly after he learned his cancer had metastasized – his book quickly rose to the top of bestseller lists around the country . Named in Time magazine 's Time 100 list of influential people , he died in July 2008 from pancreatic cancer . [ 121 ] In 2003 , Carnegie Mellon established the Robot Hall of Fame in partnership with the Carnegie Science Center .