The Traditional is a typical college dormitory setting , a long hallway with a series of 1-3 person rooms and a community bathroom shared with an entire floor or wing . Semi-Suite offers more privacy through 1-4 person rooms with 3-5 residents sharing one semi-private bathroom . Suite is similar to Semi-Suite but contains additional bedrooms , a bathroom , and living room/lounge area shared with 3-8 other residents . Apartments are shared between 1-3 people and may contain additional bedrooms , a semi-private bathroom , a living room , and kitchen shared with the other residents . Upperclassmen have additional options for housing , which include town houses and a larger variety of one or two bedroom apartments . [ 158 ] There are 27 residential buildings on campus and even more off campus . [ 159 ] First-year students are assigned to the dedicated first-year residence halls on campus including Morewood E-Tower , Morewood Gardens , Residence on Fifth , Shirley Apartments , as well as Boss , Donner , Hamerschlag , McGill , Mudge , Scobell , and Stever Houses . Approximately one-third of upperclassmen choose to continue living on campus through university housing . Options for upperclassmen include Fifth & Clyde , Morewood Gardens , West Wing , Doherty , Fairfax , Margaret Morrison , Fifth Neville , Shady Oak , Shirley , Forbes & Beeler , and Woodlawn Apartments as well as Henderson , Resnik , Roselawn , Spirit , Tech , Webster , and Welch Houses . [ 160 ] Fraternities and sororities [ edit ] Main article : Fraternities and sororities at Carnegie Mellon University The Greek tradition at Carnegie Mellon began over 100 years ago with the founding of the first fraternity on campus , Theta Xi , in 1912 . The Panhellenic sorority community was founded in 1945 , by Chi Omega , Delta Delta Delta , Delta Gamma , Kappa Alpha Theta , and Kappa Kappa Gamma . The Chi Omega chapter at Carnegie Mellon transformed into an independent sorority , Zeta Psi Sigma , and has since become Alpha Chi Omega . The Alpha Phi chapter was created in April 2013 . There are two Asian American interest sororities – Alpha Kappa Delta Phi and Kappa Phi Lambda – , and one Asian American interest fraternity – Lambda Phi Epsilon . Carnegie Mellon has eleven active fraternities : Alpha Epsilon Pi , Alpha Phi Alpha , Alpha Sigma Phi , Delta Tau Delta , Lambda Phi Epsilon , Phi Delta Theta , Pi Kappa Alpha , Sigma Alpha Epsilon , Sigma Chi , Sigma Nu , and Sigma Phi Epsilon . In addition to participating in campus traditions such as Buggy and Booth , the fraternities and sororities hold an annual fundraiser called Greek Sing , one of the largest Greek events of the year . Every two years , the organizations vote on a cause to support and raise money through ticket sales , ad sales , corporate sponsorships and donations . Each organization performs a 13-minute-long original show or a rendition of a popular show . In spring 2010 , Greek Sing raised over $ 42,000 for St. Jude Children 's Research . Specialized Communities [ edit ] In 2022 , Welch House began to host the specialized Queer community , a living community suited to the needs of non-binary students by allowing students to `` live in the same room with any other student inclusive of sex assigned at birth , gender identity , gender expression , and/or sexual orientation '' . [ 161 ] Welch House consists of semi-suite singles and doubles . In addition , Stever House hosts an all-gender floor for students who would prefer a traditional double . Spirit House is a residential community for upperclassmen designated for members of the SPIRIT student organization , a Black Student Union that serves as a haven for Black students within the Carnegie Mellon community and champions issues facing the Black community . [ 162 ] Athletics [ edit ] The Carnegie Mellon Tartans were a founding member of the University Athletic Association of NCAA Division III . Prior to World War II , Carnegie Mellon ( as Carnegie Tech ) played with what are now classified as NCAA Division I teams . In 1936 , the Carnegie Tech riflery team won the national intercollegiate championship . [ 163 ] The Carnegie Tech men 's basketball team was a member of the Eastern Intercollegiate Conference throughout the conference 's existence from 1932 to 1939 [ 164 ] and won the conference championship in 1936 , defeating Pittsburgh in a conference championship playoff game . [ 165 ] Carnegie Mellon tennis courts Varsity teams are fielded in basketball , track , cross country , football , golf , soccer , swimming and diving , volleyball , tennis , and softball . In addition , club teams exist in ultimate frisbee , [ 166 ] rowing , [ 167 ] rugby , lacrosse , hockey , [ 168 ] baseball , [ 169 ] softball , skiing & snowboarding , [ 170 ] soccer , volleyball , water polo , [ 171 ] and cycling . [ 172 ] Carnegie Mellon Athletics runs a comprehensive and popular intramural system , maintains facilities ( primarily Skibo Gymnasium , Cohon University Center , Gesling Stadium , and the future Highmark Center for Health , Wellness and Athletics ) , and offers courses to students in fitness and sports . Carnegie Mellon 's primary athletic rivals are fellow UAA schools Case Western Reserve University and Washington University in St. Louis ; the Tartans had an especially intense rivalry with the latter 's football team from the 2000s to 2017 . Football [ edit ] Main article : Carnegie Mellon Tartans football Football at Gesling Stadium On November 28 , 1926 , the 6–2 Carnegie Technical Institute football team shut out the undefeated Notre Dame Fighting Irish 19–0 at Forbes Field . Knute Rockne , the coach of the Irish at the time , was so confident that the Irish would defeat `` tiny Carnegie