still paint the fence in an effort to break the record held by the original as the world 's most painted upon object . As of 2017 [ update ] the fence has four inches of paint . [ 4 ] The Fence 's origins date back to the early days of Carnegie Institute of Technology when The Cut was still a valley that separated the Carnegie Tech buildings from the Margaret Morrison women 's school . Over the valley spanned a bridge which the men of Carnegie Tech realized was a strategic spot for meeting the women of Maggie Mo as they crossed the cut . However , when The Cut was filled in to form the current-day grassy field , the bottleneck disappeared . In its stead , the class of 1923 erected a fence to stand in as a meeting spot . [ 5 ] However , the university 's students took a negative view of the structure , not understanding the point of it . The administration was just about to give up and tear it down when the night before its scheduled removal a fraternity painted The Fence in the middle of the night , advertising a party on campus [ citation needed ] . The party turned out to be a huge success , as has the tradition of painting the fence . The administration relented on their plans for removing the fence . In August 2008 , the graduating class of 2008 at the Carnegie Mellon Silicon Valley Campus brought the tradition to California by installing their own version of the fence , and dedicating it to Randy Pausch , who died in that year . Tradition dictates that The Fence only be painted after midnight and before sunrise , and only in its entirety . It must be painted by hand using brushes . If it is painted with spray paint or rollers , the painters would be cited for vandalism . A group wishing to paint the Fence must station two representatives , or `` guards '' , on the small gravel region surrounding it . As long as two guards remain within the boundary , no other group may `` take '' the Fence . This sometimes leads to groups setting up a tent or campsite just inside the boundary so that they may `` hold '' the fence for an extended amount of time . It is also unwritten etiquette that if another group needs the Fence to advertise one of their upcoming events , the current holders should turn the Fence over to that group . This often leads to extended periods of time when the Fence is passed between groups in an organized fashion . Two years of paint layers are visible after the defacing . On March 21 , 2011 , six freshman Carnegie Mellon students defaced the fence .