The first successful 3 wheeled buggies were developed in the early 80s led by Pi Kappa Alpha ( PiKA ) and Sigma Nu . Development of two wheeled buggies [ 13 ] by Delta Upsilon from 1986–1989 continued the theme of wheel alignment . In 1988 , Delta Upsilon [ 14 ] broke the course record with a time of 2:08.5 [ 15 ] – a record that stood only briefly as SPIRIT surpassed that time later that day and further lowered the record time the following day . Two wheeled buggies were later eliminated from competition for safety reasons through modifications to the rules . PiKA and SPIRIT took every Sweepstakes championship from 1986 until 2000 when SDC won the women 's race and 2001 when Fringe won the men 's race . PiKA continued its success in the 2000s , setting the consecutive wins record by winning for seven years in a row ( 2002–2008 ) . SDC took the title in the men 's race in 2009 breaking PiKA 's streak and setting a new record . Fringe took the men 's title in 2010 after a dominant SDC was removed from competition due to an alleged fire safety violation . Fringe took the men 's title again in 2011 in beating SDC A by 1 second , with SDC B and C teams taking 3rd and 4th , while SDC reclaimed the Women 's title . [ 16 ] The defending men 's champion is SDC with eight consecutive wins from 2012 through 2019 , which is the record for most wins in a row . The current women 's title is also held by SDC ( 2017 , 2018 and 2019 ) . Live media coverage of the Sweepstakes races has historically been provided by WRCT-FM , the school 's student-run radio station . In recent years , campus television station cmuTV has broadcast live video coverage of the races with commentary from WRCT-FM . In the fall of 2008 the Buggy Alumni Association [ 17 ] was founded to preserve the history of the sport , assist with keeping alumni connected to the event and assist the current students in maintaining the race 's continuing existence . The race videos are available on DVD from cmuTV after the races end . Midway [ edit ] A booth in Carnegie Mellon University 's 2013 Booth Competition , a part of the spring Carnival For Carnival Weekend , the College of Fine Arts parking lot is turned into `` Midway . '' Midway features both booths and carnival rides . Booths are multi-story structures constructed by campus organizations , featuring ( usually ) free games and cheap giveaway prizes . The booths are intricate , multi-level affairs , showing off the creativity and energy of the students who construct them . The Friday of the week before Carnival is known as `` Move On '' , and is when all the organizations who are building booths move their supplies , materials , tools , and pre-fabricated components onto Midway . Build week commences from that Friday night , and for the entire week , organizations steadfastly build their booths , preparing for the official opening of Midway at 3:00 pm the following Thursday . Each year , an overall theme for booths is chosen . Booth has four competitive categories . These include : fraternity , sorority , independent , and blitz ( smaller booths ) . Each organization chooses a sub-theme and builds their booth accordingly . The construction of these booths is a competition and each booth is judged on various criteria , including both daytime and nighttime appearance , adherence to theme , game playability , environmentalism , and appropriateness of prizes . Midway also features portable carnival rides that are brought in and set up , along with standard carnival concession food . Various musical acts , improv comedy troupes , and other performances are staged in a nearby tent running throughout the weekend and providing a backdrop to the entire spectacle . Mobot [ edit ] A mobot approaches the end of the course , with Hamerschlag Hall in the background . `` Mobot , '' a general term resulting from shortening `` mobile robot '' , is an annual competition at Carnegie Mellon that made its debut in 1994 . In this event , robots try ( autonomously ) to pass through gates , in order , and reach the finish line . There is a white line on the pavement connecting the gates , and the line is normally used to find the gates , though it is not mandated by the rules that the robots follow the line . Towards the end of the course , the lines split and merge randomly , and knowledge of which line leads to the next gate is needed to consistently finish the course . This information is provided by the judges shortly before the actual competition begins . The current undergraduate mobot course record of 1:17:10 is held by Nathaniel Barshay for his entry `` AEPi '' which competed in 2010 . The overall mobot course record of 33.99 seconds is held by a Michael Licitra and Jeff McMahill set in 2009 . In Carnival fashion , awards are presented to overall winners . The rewards are as follows : First Place ( $ 1000 ) , Second Place ( $ 500 ) , Third Place ( $ 250 ) , Open Class ( $ 250 ) , Judges ' Choice ( $ 100 ) , Course Record ( $ 250 ) , and MoboJoust ( $ 100 ) . [ 18 ] Entry to compete in the Mobot competition is free and is for currently enrolled undergraduate students at Carnegie Mellon . The Mobot Competition is run and organized by the School of Computer Science at Carnegie Mellon University . Kiltie Band [ edit ] The Kiltie Band is the concert and marching band of Carnegie Mellon University , Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , United States . It is known for wearing kilts , in