Pittsburgh | Location , History , Teams , Attractions , & Facts | Britannica Search Britannica Click here to search Search Britannica Click here to search Subscribe Now Subscribe Login Home History & Society Science & Tech Biographies Animals & Nature Geography & Travel Arts & Culture Money Games & Quizzes Videos On This Day One Good Fact Dictionary New Articles History & Society Lifestyles & Social Issues Philosophy & Religion Politics , Law & Government World History Science & Tech Health & Medicine Science Technology Biographies Browse Biographies Animals & Nature Birds , Reptiles & Other Vertebrates Bugs , Mollusks & Other Invertebrates Environment Fossils & Geologic Time Mammals Plants Geography & Travel Geography & Travel Arts & Culture Entertainment & Pop Culture Literature Sports & Recreation Visual Arts Companions Demystified Image Galleries Infographics Lists Podcasts Spotlight Summaries The Forum Top Questions # WTFact 100 Women Britannica Kids Saving Earth Space Next 50 Student Center Ask the Chatbot Games & Quizzes History & Society Science & Tech Biographies Animals & Nature Geography & Travel Arts & Culture Money Videos Pittsburgh Table of Contents Introduction History The contemporary city References & Edit History Related Topics Images For Students Pittsburgh summary Read Next Have Any U.S. Presidents Decided Not to Run For a Second Term ? What State Is Washington , D.C . In ? 14 Questions About Government in the United States Answered U.S. Death Toll During Major Events 26 Decade-Defining Events in U.S. History Discover The Mysterious Death of Edgar Allan Poe 5 Unbelievable Facts About Christopher Columbus What 's the Difference Between a Solstice and an Equinox ? Pro and Con : Abortion How Do Hurricanes Get Their Names ? 9 Things You Might Not Know About Adolf Hitler 10 Famous Artworks by Leonardo da Vinci Contents Geography & Travel Cities & Towns Cities & Towns P-S downtown Pittsburgh Downtown Pittsburgh ; Fort Pitt Bridge ( centre foreground ) spans the Monongahela River . ( more ) Pittsburgh Pennsylvania , United States Actions Cite verified Cite While every effort has been made to follow citation style rules , there may be some discrepancies . Please refer to the appropriate style manual or other sources if you have any questions . Select Citation Style MLA APA Chicago Manual of Style Copy Citation Share Share Share to social media Facebook X URL https : //www.britannica.com/place/Pittsburgh Give Feedback External Websites Feedback Corrections ? Updates ? Omissions ? Let us know if you have suggestions to improve this article ( requires login ) . Feedback Type Select a type ( Required ) Factual Correction Spelling/Grammar Correction Link Correction Additional Information Other Your Feedback Submit Feedback Thank you for your feedback Our editors will review what you ’ ve submitted and determine whether to revise the article . External Websites CRW Flags - Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , United States United States History - History of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania National Park Service - Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania Britannica Websites Articles from Britannica Encyclopedias for elementary and high school students . Pittsburgh - Student Encyclopedia ( Ages 11 and up ) Print print Print Please select which sections you would like to print : Table Of Contents Cite verified Cite While every effort has been made to follow citation style rules , there may be some discrepancies . Please refer to the appropriate style manual or other sources if you have any questions . Select Citation Style MLA APA Chicago Manual of Style Copy Citation Share Share Share to social media Facebook X URL https : //www.britannica.com/place/Pittsburgh Feedback External Websites Feedback Corrections ? Updates ? Omissions ? Let us know if you have suggestions to improve this article ( requires login ) . Feedback Type Select a type ( Required ) Factual Correction Spelling/Grammar Correction Link Correction Additional Information Other Your Feedback Submit Feedback Thank you for your feedback Our editors will review what you ’ ve submitted and determine whether to revise the article . External Websites CRW Flags - Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , United States United States History - History of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania National Park Service - Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania Britannica Websites Articles from Britannica Encyclopedias for elementary and high school students . Pittsburgh - Student Encyclopedia ( Ages 11 and up ) Written and fact-checked by The Editors of Encyclopaedia Britannica Encyclopaedia Britannica 's editors oversee subject areas in which they have extensive knowledge , whether from years of experience gained by working on that content or via study for an advanced degree . They write new content and verify and edit content received from contributors . The Editors of Encyclopaedia Britannica Last Updated : Oct 11 , 2024 • Article History Table of Contents Ask the Chatbot a Question Ask the Chatbot a Question Pittsburgh , city , seat ( 1788 ) of Allegheny county , southwestern Pennsylvania , U.S . The city is located at the confluence of the Allegheny and Monongahela rivers , which unite at the point of the “ Golden Triangle ” ( the business district ) to form the Ohio River . A city of hills , parks , and valleys , it is the centre of an urban industrial complex that includes the surrounding cities of Aliquippa ( northwest ) , New Kensington ( northeast ) , McKeesport ( southeast ) , and Washington ( southwest ) and the borough of Wilkinsburg ( east ) . Inc. borough , 1794 ; city , 1816 . Area city , 58 square miles ( 150 square km ) . Pop . ( 2010 ) 305,704 ; Pittsburgh Metro Area , 2,356,285 ; ( 2020 ) 302,971 ; Pittsburgh Metro Area , 2,370,930 . History Algonquian- and Iroquoian-speaking peoples were early inhabitants of the region . The conflict between the British and French over territorial claims in the area was settled in 1758 when General John Forbes and his British and colonial army expelled the French from Fort Duquesne ( built 1754 ) . Forbes named the site for the British statesman William Pitt the Elder . The British built Fort Pitt ( 1761 ) to ensure their dominance at the source