Co-Op Music Of Pittsburgh Ruckus Coffee Gallery The Greater Pittsburgh Community Food Bank All Together Better Inner Groove Brewing Church Brew Works Greater Pittsburgh Masonic Table Talk Linen Cousins Lounge Millvale PA Farina Foundation The Frick Pittsburgh Greater Pittsburgh Community Food Bank Music of Pittsburgh All Together Better Inner Groove Brewing The Church Brew Works Volunteer and Donate Music Ambassador Volunteer Program A Music Ambassadors can be a high school or college student who is involved in any school music program that would like to help represent our community . This can be done by volunteering their time with Make Music Day Pittsburgh.This opportunity includes being part of special events virtually or at various locations around the area . Connect with local musicians to represent the best and brightest within the local music community . This person also identifies opportunities with area schools and other musicians . This is an amazing opportunity to get involved with the Pittsburgh Music Community and meet other like minded students and network . This volunteer opportunity allows for help with hours needed for community service or for college majors and degrees that need to be completed with credits or graduation . Complete this form/link to sent a request . Google Form Donate All concerts are free and open to the public . That being said , your donations help make it possible . If you would like to donate to Make Music Day Pittsburgh , please contact us . Volunteer Having people join our team increases the chances for further success for Make Music Day . Complete this form/link to sent a request . Google Form If you would like to donate , become a Music Ambassador or Volunteer on Make Music Day , please contact us at pittsburgh @ makemusicday.org Support Our Community Make Music Day Virtual Food Drive In order to continue to support our neighbors who are experiencing food insecurity during these difficult times , we are hosting a virtual food drive ! For every $ 1 donated , the Food Bank can provide up to 5 meals for the children , families and seniors they serve across Southwestern PA . Thank you for your continued support ! Give Today ! ! ! # MySongIsYourSong Join the global song swap for Make Music Day ! Learn a song by another artist and hear yours covered in return . Songwriters , composers and bands of all styles and walks of life are invited to participate !