Insider 's Guide to Pittsburgh Music Venues | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 76 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons , Runs & Walks Pittsburgh Celebrates Juneteenth Freedom Day Pittsburgh Black Music Festival Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insiders Guide Multi-lingual Brochures Beyond Pittsburgh Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Group Tour Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona < Back Insider 's Guide to Pittsburgh Music Venues Your one-stop guide to Pittsburgh 's live music scene We 've all done the thing where we 're so excited for a band coming to town that we buy the tickets and have no idea where or what the venue even is . If this sounds like you , do n't worry because this guide has you covered . I 've been to hundreds of shows in Pittsburgh at venues from bars to packed stadiums , and now I 'm passing on that knowledge to you , fellow concert-goers . Join me for this exhaustive list of where to see live music in Pittsburgh and my tips and tricks for scoring tickets , where to sit , parking and much more : Pittsburgh Music Venue Map Mr. Smalls Once a Catholic church , Mr. Smalls is a top live music venue perched atop the Millvale neighborhood that can do it all . You can see national acts in their main theatre ( capacity is about 800 ) in the main theater space of this eclectic venue , then head down the hallways to The Funhouse , a repurposed skatepark-turned-music-venue that seats 175 . The acoustics in here are top-notch regardless of the type of band you 're seeing , and everyone from Ziggy Marley and the Arctic Monkeys to GWAR and All That Remains have put on memorable shows at this truly one-of-a-kind venue . Pro Tips : After you buy your ticket , add on the Balcony Experience for a unique view of the show that can be scaled up from seated individual tickets to private rooms for you and your friends with bottle service . The food here ( located on the second level near the balcony ) is stellar and reasonably priced . Use the bar way in the back of the venue for the quickest way to get a beer and back to your seat . Gristhouse and Strange Roots are both within easy walking distance to grab a brew before or after the show . Roxian Theatre Roxian Theatre , which houses about 1,400 , is similar in size to Mr. Smalls but with a completely different feel . This former McKees Rocks movie theater from the 1920s was completely gutted and modernized into a cutting-edge venue with unmatched sound and lighting for a venue of this size . Seats and standing room here are all GA , so plan on getting to this venue when the doors open , especially if you want to snag the best spots and sightlines for the show . Gleaming bars wrap around the main floor and mezzanine and often offer themed cocktails or other specials depending on the show you 're seeing . I 've been here for electronic , indie , rock and punk shows , and am always wowed by how good bands sound here and how good my photos look . Pro Tips : Get the parking pass or Uber . It can be difficult to find street parking in this neighborhood , so save yourself the headache . Also , look into the Roxbox ticket upgrade for a front row seat guaranteed on the main , elevated floor . Club Cafe Many music venues have come and gone over the years in the happening nightlife neighborhood of the South Side ( RIP Rex Theater ) but Club Cafe has outlasted them all . The secret sauce ? This intimate ( seating for MAYBE 125 max ) venue is intensely dedicated to bringing in national touring acts on an almost nightly basis . Add in the cheap cost of tickets ( most around $ 15-18 ) , a stellar list of local drafts and creative cocktails , and this is the perfect night out . Pro Tips : Get there when the doors open and try to snag a seat as close to the stage as possible for the best , unobstructed views of the show . Bar seating makes it easy to get drinks , but likely you 'll be peering around peeps to see the stage . Leave your coats in the car . Thunderbird Café and Music Hall Another two-venues-in-one destination , Thunderbird Café and Music Hall in Lawrenceville rises higher on my list of favorite venues every time I see a show there . I 'm in love with their Front Porch Stage , a completely stripped down stage made of recycled materials which features local acts , national musicians and a Bluegrass Night on Tuesdays . Up top , their 380 capacity venue has a surprisingly large stage as well as multiple bars as you enjoy indie , blues , jazz and funk among many other niche genres . Pro Tip : If you prefer to sit for shows , look for the Lower Balcony ticket for shows in the larger Music Hall venue . Not only do you get seats , you get access to your own private