place . Photo Credit : @ briannablankenshipmusic on Insta Moondog 's As old school as it gets , Moondog 's has been cranking up the volume for decades in Blawnox , with fantastic acoustics supporting the best blues and rock groups in the Burgh . Pro Tip : Even if you 're just stopping in for a drink , the wall of guitars behind the bar and dog-musician mural on the opposite side are worth a visit alone . This Is Red In Pittsburgh , we love churches-turned-music venues . At This is Red , St. Michael 's Slovakian Roman Catholic has been resurrected into the event space and concert venue . Highlights of this venue include an intricate rose window on the outside , an exciting second life for the original Brinkerhoff piano and mural-covered Grotto which all combines into perfect ambiance for shows that include jazz , experimental , electronic and more . View this post on Instagram A post shared by Stephen Weiss ( @ stephenweiss_ ) The Bridge Music Bar Neon purplish hues emanate from this new , upscale music venue in East Liberty that keeps local bands at the forefront . The same minds behind Howlers ( now closed , but this used to be the best Bloomfield bar ever ) opened up this fantastic brunch/event space/live music venue/restaurant/bar . Just follow the neon sign to their monthly jazz night , live band karaoke , reggae nights and much more live music fun . 222 Ormsby After so many smaller venues went silent during the pandemic , I knew nature was healing when 222 Ormsby opened back up to live music in 2023 . Prepare to two-step to Pittsburgh 's best ska , punk , alt and more plus unique events like their Folk Punkapalooza in this lo-fi venue focused solely on the music . View this post on Instagram A post shared by Pittsburgh Punk Rock ( @ pghpunkrock ) Rock Room Do n't be intimidated by the graffiti and stickers covering every square inch of this Polish Hill venue , including the bathrooms . This is a fantastic punk bar that pulls in a supportive crowd and for a raucous , fun night of live music . Oh , and the food is dirt cheap and the portions are massive . What else could you need ? Pro Tips : This is one of few bars where you can still smoke inside . Do n't miss the pinball machines and even a chess table in the back . Poetry Lounge The stage is small , the entrance looks like a house and there 's wood paneling all over the place .