City Winery does it all , and does it all exceptionally well . The ambience , seated at modern tables in front of an elegant stage and surrounded by wine casks , is completely unique . The food menu is sprawling and delivered fresh to your table the second it is ready , so you can snack throughout the show . Oh , and the wine is great , too ( I especially like their pinot noir ) . Plus , I never even have to leave my seat to get topped off with another glass . Pro Tip : When ordering your tickets , select the option to Have a Bottle of Wine Waiting At Your Table . It 's that easy and does n't require upfront payment . Then you can find your seats and immediately start sipping before the lights dim . Carnegie of Homestead Music Hall While many of the live music venues on this list have been old buildings reimagined into new spaces , Carnegie of Homestead is still serving its original purpose as a library , athletic facility and a grand concert hall to Homestead and surrounding neighborhoods . Seating around 1,000 , at this stunning venue you 'll be able to grab a drink , walk around a gorgeous library and then settle into your seats for the show in the opulent hall . I 've seen everything from comedy acts to classic rock groups here , and am always pleasantly surprised at how amazing all types of music and performances sound in this 100+ year-old venue . Pro Tips : Bring a seat cushion , these seats can get a little uncomfortable . Balcony seating is lovely here , but be aware that seats on the left and right side face inwards towards the center of the venue , so you may need to watch the performance looking at an angle . The Mr. Roboto Project No frills and all about the music . Located on Penn Ave , this intimate and inclusive space has a great atmosphere , punk vibes and a simple raised stage to catch up-and-coming and local bands tear it up . One of my favorite places to check out hardcore , ska , punk , grunge and other artists you wo n't see in larger venues . Throw some stickers on the wall , buy some merch and keep local music thriving at Roboto . Pro Tip : Check out the art gallery space before the show or swing by on Unblurred First Fridays for amazing rotating works of local artists . Masks are required at this venue ! View this post on Instagram A post shared by DLTSGDOM ! Collective ( @ dltsgdomshows ) Brillobox Way back in 2005 , before people had even invented the word `` hipster , '' Brillobox established itself as the coolest bar for those wanting an elevated night out experience minus the pretension . Situated on Main . St right before Bloomfield turns in Lawrenceville , this venue promises a unique ambiance you wo n't find replicated anywhere else in the city and the bar menu to back up what all the hype is about . Head upstairs to their music venue for a variety of bands I am now far too old to know anything about and all seem way cooler than I 'll ever be . Pro Tip : For the Millennials among us , MySpace Nite ( held monthly ) is the best dance party in the city . Photo Credit : @ ortizonkeyz2601 on Insta Cattivo Head down the hill from Brillobox and into Lawrenceville to Cattivo , yet another alt-friendly dive venue that has been bringing live music to the city for decades . Head to their Obscure parties monthly that encourage you to let you freak flag fly as a variety of DJs play everything EDM from classic to modern genres . Their stage holds a variety of bands weekly , but especially focuses on the gothic , industrial and dark alt scenes . Pro Tip : Skip their website and Insta . Find all of their upcoming events on Facebook . Government Center Perhaps best known for their huge selection of vinyl , this record shop also manages to pack in a nice crowd with national musicians from noise rank to folk country to enjoy as you browse the wax . These owners live and breathe music , so I encourage you to explore every inch of this store and ask questions ; you never know what you 're going to uncover here . Pro Tip : This is secretly my favorite coffee shop in Pittsburgh . Even if you 're not into music , try it out when you 're in the Northside . Concerts among stacks of wax ? Let 's go Bottlerocket Social Hall Imagine you could transport right to a 70s bar in an iconic Pittsburgh neighborhood without needing time travel . You 're in luck because Bottlerocket has all the wood paneling you 'll ever need , and it 's all original from the bones of the Allentown bar it was made from . What their owners have added to this time capsule of a bar is incredible live comedy , movie screenings and , most importantly for this blog , a kickin ' music venue for everything alt and even vinyl release parties . Pro Tip : If you go to a seated show , you can order your beer right from a QR code and have it brought directly to your seat so you never miss a minute . Can every venue start doing this ? ? Tequila Cowboy Country fans , we have live music venues for you , too ! Saddle up and head to Tequila Cowboy on most Thursdays , Fridays and Saturdays for a rotating mix of featured country artists from the Burgh and beyond . While this place plays both types of music ( country and western ) wander back to the karaoke bar and sing to your heart 's content at this go-to party