This Is Red In Pittsburgh , we love churches-turned-music venues . At This is Red , St. Michael 's Slovakian Roman Catholic has been resurrected into the event space and concert venue . Highlights of this venue include an intricate rose window on the outside , an exciting second life for the original Brinkerhoff piano and mural-covered Grotto which all combines into perfect ambiance for shows that include jazz , experimental , electronic and more . View this post on Instagram A post shared by Stephen Weiss ( @ stephenweiss_ ) The Bridge Music Bar Neon purplish hues emanate from this new , upscale music venue in East Liberty that keeps local bands at the forefront . The same minds behind Howlers ( now closed , but this used to be the best Bloomfield bar ever ) opened up this fantastic brunch/event space/live music venue/restaurant/bar . Just follow the neon sign to their monthly jazz night , live band karaoke , reggae nights and much more live music fun . 222 Ormsby After so many smaller venues went silent during the pandemic , I knew nature was healing when 222 Ormsby opened back up to live music in 2023 . Prepare to two-step to Pittsburgh 's best ska , punk , alt and more plus unique events like their Folk Punkapalooza in this lo-fi venue focused solely on the music . View this post on Instagram A post shared by Pittsburgh Punk Rock ( @ pghpunkrock ) Rock Room Do n't be intimidated by the graffiti and stickers covering every square inch of this Polish Hill venue , including the bathrooms . This is a fantastic punk bar that pulls in a supportive crowd and for a raucous , fun night of live music . Oh , and the food is dirt cheap and the portions are massive . What else could you need ? Pro Tips : This is one of few bars where you can still smoke inside . Do n't miss the pinball machines and even a chess table in the back . Poetry Lounge The stage is small , the entrance looks like a house and there 's wood paneling all over the place . And , it 's absolutely perfect . I was initially so bummed out when Whisper Nest ( one of my favorite Millvale Music Festival locations ) was closing , but Poetry Lounge reinvented this space and made it even better . All of the decor and vibes I loved remained the same , but the new owners added even more live music and some exciting new cocktails to keep this a happening place for the local music scene in and around Millvale . Pro Tip : Follow their Insta account for the weekly lineup of poetry slams , dance parties , DJs and live music . If the venue looks like this from the outside , you know the music inside is going to rock . Crafthouse Crafthouse is my go-to when I want a good meal , a big selection of craft beer and a fun night of music with my friends . I love getting here early and enjoying apps and drinks during the opening acts in the spacious bar and dining room , then moseying down to the 500-capacity stage for the main act . Crafthouse gets in a bit of everything , from local cover bands to electronic , country , alt and more , so keep an eye on their ever-changing events calendar . Pro Tips : Wingerogies . Do I have your attention ? Pittsburgh 's favorite dumpling , fried and tossed with the wing sauce of your choice and served with ranch or bleu cheese . Mangia ! Also , parking can get full here quickly , but do n't park at business lots next door . Do street parking in the neighborhood instead where permitted . Jergel 's With live music almost every night , Jergel 's is another great example of buffeting your 500-person venue with a sit-down restaurant concept that makes this an all-night affair . Just in case you 're not into the music that night , there 's also an outdoor patio with fire pits , a cigar and scotch bar , and televisions everywhere to keep you occupied . Pro Tip : Head up to the balcony . You can get almost directly above the stage for an unmatched view of the musicians and the sound is even better up there . View this post on Instagram A post shared by Fleischkrieg ( @ fleischkrieg ) Preserving Underground Pittsburgh 's hardcore/metal scene is frankly one of the best-kept secrets in the city , and the rapid expansion of Preserving in New Kensington is quickly helping to change that . This now three-in-one venue , plus a record store , can do everything from the 800-person venue framed by stained glass in a reclaimed church to basement shows seating 300 and an intimate DIY space . Despite the energy of the performances , the hardcore community is full of the nicest people I 've ever met . So do n't be afraid to get in the pit and be active during the show . View this post on Instagram A post shared by Bloody Run | Metal Band ( @ bloodyrun_band ) Con Alma Pittsburgh 's jazz legacy is a story we love to tell at VisitPITTSBURGH . While the most famous venues on the Hill District that helped spawn countless careers are now closed , Con Alma Downtown keeps this heritage alive . Every night of the week , Con Alma has world-class jazz musicians playing just feet away from a top-ranked bar and food that is consistently named one of the best bites in the Burgh . MCG Jazz Furthering our jazz legacy each month are the talented acts brought in by MCG Jazz , a 350-seat venue that brings in legends and emerging artists of the scene . MCG Jazz usually hosts a few shows per month , and audiophiles will love the attention to fidelity in this venue ,