accented by an 80-foot lighting feature . Free acts of Pittsburgh local favorites like Jeff Jimerson and Chris Higbee pack this events calendar , making your night out even more fun , even if you do n't gamble . August Wilson Cultural Center With a permanent exhibit to August Wilson and rotating exhibits to other nationally recognized artists , the August Wilson African American Cultural Center also boasts an impressive 500-seat venue increasingly being used to bring even more live music to Pittsburgh . They kick off the Blues & Heritage Festival here yearly and their music series Soul Sessions brings in jazz , soul , funk , blues and other artists to this smaller venue where there 's not a bad seat in the house . Cultural District Theaters Who knows what you might see in our vibrant Cultural District , full of gorgeous theaters that entertain with Broadway productions , magic shows and much more . Heinz Hall is the home of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra , and this 2,600+ seat venue is a dream for concert goers with perfect acoustics and plush seating . This venue also will bring in national touring acts and holiday concerts , too . The Benedum Center has been restored to its 1928 glory and is one of the poshest venues on this list . While home to the Pittsburgh Opera , this 2,800-seat venue also sees a variety of music acts perform here throughout the year . The Byham is smaller at 1,300 seats , and where you can see productions from the Bridge Theater Series , Pittsburgh Dance Council and Pittsburgh Musical Theater , but keep an eye on their events calendar for specialty concerts too , like a special Herbie Hancock performance in 2024 . And do n't count out Greer Cabaret Theater , newly renovated and with ability to have inspired food and drink options brought to your table as you enjoy the show . There 's free live music here weekly including jazz , quintets , drums and more . PPG Paints Arena Ok , now we 're getting into the big , BIG arena shows . While Penguins hockey is usually taking the ice inside , PPG Paints Arena easily converts into a home for Monster Jam , Disney on Ice , WWE and a fantastic lineup of stadium touring music acts , seating 15-20k depending on where the stage is . Trans-Siberian Orchestra always puts on a spectacle here yearly ( I like to sit on the sides so I do n't miss a thing ) while the rest of the acts include classics like the Boss and Iron Maiden to Fallout Boy , Travis Scott and Greta Van Fleet . Pro Tip : With a newly upgraded sound system , PPG now has the best audio fidelity for any venue this size . Any excuse to add Blink 182 to my blog is a good one < 3 Petersen Events Center The home of Pitt DI Basketball doubles as a 9,000+ seat venue for live music , and no matter which artist I 've seen there , this place never disappoints . Despite being almost double the size of Stage AE , it still manages to feel like you 're close to the artist no matter where you sit , and the venue lends itself to some of the more creative stage setups to make concerts here always just a bit more memorable than anywhere else . Pro Tip : Do n't wait in that huge line going downhill outside of the venue . Head to the other line that wraps around the building instead to save your calves . Acrisure Stadium The home of the Steelers also transforms into the biggest live music venue in the city for unforgettable shows from the world 's top performers on the North Shore . Taylor Swift set the record here in 2023 when her Eras Tour brought in a whopping 73,117 Swifties on night two of her stay . When you want to see the biggest acts on the planet with amazing pyrotechnics and unbelievably stage setups , it does n't get better than Acrisure . Pro Tip : Leave the bags at home and give yourself time to get through the gates . Photo Credit : @ Lenkmel on Insta PNC Park Crowds at the home of the Pirates range from 35-45k fans in attendance , with the stage usually placed in the outfield so seats can fill the infield and utilize all the normal seating for the show . You can expect to see a country concert or two plus a touring classic rock act here each summer , but the real winner here is always watching the sunset with our skyline as a backdrop . Pro Tips : As far as food goes , this is one venue I highly recommend eating at ! Stick to the outfield walls for my favorite stadium bites .