mobile app , users can : Learn about upcoming Pittsburgh Opera performances and other events Learn about the singers and musicians who will be performing View video excerpts of select performances Connect to all of Pittsburgh Opera ’ s social media accounts Please note that due to COVID-19 's impact , Pittsburgh Opera is unable to offer the full app experience for our spring 2021 productions . However , we will be posting comparable bonus content in our Facebook and YouTube chats during the free livestreams . In addition , Pittsburgh Opera 's mobile app allows patrons to receive exclusive visual and audio content through their smartphones in real time during our performances . This content may include : Interviews with cast members , the director , and the conductor Musical themes and motifs featured in the opera Historical context for specific scenes in the opera Interesting trivia about the composer and the production `` Director 's Commentary '' about specific scenes App Etiquette The Pittsburgh Opera Mobile App is intended to enhance your experience , not to detract from other patrons ' experience . When using the App during a performance : Please silence all phone alerts and ringtones prior to the performance Audio content will only be delivered if you have headphones plugged into your phone or are using a Bluetooth headset Please refrain from using your phone for anything other than the app - no texting , social media , emailing , etc . Please be respectful of other patrons when using the app . Hold your phone in your lap - do not hold it up to eye level where it could distract the people sitting next to or behind you Download from Google Play Download in the Apple App Store Funding for the Pittsburgh Opera Mobile App is generously provided by an OPERA America Innovation Grant from the Ann and Gordon Getty Foundation , and by the Hillman Foundation . APP BACKGROUND Pittsburgh Opera launched our mobile app in 2016 , to provide patrons with easy access to information about our productions , artists , and events . The app is powered by Instant Encore , the leading provider of mobile solutions to performing arts organizations around the globe . In the fall of 2018 , Instant Encore began offering its customers a premium feature within its platform called Live Note ® . Created by the Philadelphia Orchestra in partnership with Drexel University ’ s Expressive and Creative Interaction Technologies ( ExCITe ) Center , LiveNote® initially delivered visual content ( e.g . text and photographs ) to patrons during orchestra performances . Pittsburgh Opera began carefully testing this functionality during our fall 2018 performances of Madama Butterfly and Hansel & Gretel . Pre-selected audience members served as beta testers and provided positive feedback on their experiences . Thanks to an Innovation Grant from OPERA America funded by the Ann and Gordon Getty Foundation , Pittsburgh Opera partnered with Instant Encore to add real-time audio capabilities to LiveNote® . We began testing these capabilities in January 2019 at our performances of afterWARds – Mozart ’ s Idomeneo Reimagined , and continued testing throughout the remainder of our 2018-19 season . Great care had already been taken to ensure the app would not disrupt nearby patrons . After our 2018-19 season ended , Pittsburgh Opera and Instant Encore added additional safeguards to minimize light seepage and reduce the risk of incoming phone calls startling users . With these additional safeguards in place , we publicly rolled out the functionality at the beginning of our 2019-20 season . We will continue to monitor and adjust the app over time . 2425 LIBERTY AVE. PITTSBURGH , PA 15222 P. 412-281-0912 Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Instagram Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Contact Us Directions & Parking Auditions Employment Media Releases Privacy Policy Site Map Board Of Directors Login BUY TICKETS GIVE NOW SUBSCRIBE ©2024 PITTSBURGH OPERA