Later in the morning , a distraught Santuzza approaches the tavern of Mamma Lucia , Turiddu ’ s mother , who tells her that her son is away buying wine . But Santuzza knows that Turiddu has been seen during the night in the village . Alfio arrives with a group of men , boasting of his horses—and of Lola . He asks Mamma Lucia if she has any more of her good wine . When she says that Turiddu has gone to get more , Alfio replies that he saw him near his house that same morning . Lucia is surprised , but Santuzza tells her to keep quiet . As the villagers follow the procession to church , Santuzza stays behind and pours out her grief about Turiddu to Mamma Lucia . The old woman expresses her pity , then also leaves for Mass . Turiddu arrives in the piazza . When Santuzza confronts him about his affair with Lola , he denies her accusations . Just then Lola passes by on her way to church . She mocks Santuzza , and Turiddu turns to follow her . Santuzza begs him to stay and implores him not to abandon her . Refusing to listen , Turiddu leaves , and Santuzza curses him . Alfio appears , late for Mass . Santuzza tells him that Lola went to church with Turiddu and reveals that she has been cheating on him . In a rage , Alfio swears to get even and rushes off , leaving behind the now conscience-stricken Santuzza . Returning from the church the villagers gather at Mamma Lucia ’ s tavern . Turiddu leads them in a drinking song , but the atmosphere becomes tense when Alfio appears . He refuses Turiddu ’ s offer of wine and instead challenges him to a knife fight . Turiddu admits his guilt but is determined to go through with the fight , for Santuzza ’ s sake as well as for his honor . The two men agree to meet outside the village . Alone with his mother , Turiddu begs her to take care of Santuzza if he doesn ’ t come back , then runs off to the fight . As Mamma Lucia waits anxiously , shouts are heard in the distance . A woman runs in screaming that Turiddu has been killed . PAGLIACCI PROLOGUE Tonio the clown announces that what the audience is about to see is a true story and that actors have the same joys and sorrows as other people . ACT I The same Sicilian village , 1949 . A small theatrical company has just arrived and Canio , the head of the troupe , advertises the night ’ s performance to the gathered crowd . One of the villagers suggests that Tonio is secretly courting Canio ’ s young wife , Nedda . Canio warns them all that he will not tolerate any flirting offstage—life and theater are not the same . As the crowd disperses , Nedda is left alone , disturbed by her husband ’ s jealousy . She looks up to the sky , envying the birds their freedom . Tonio appears and tries to force himself on Nedda , but she beats him back , and he retreats , swearing revenge . In fact , Nedda does have a lover—Silvio , a young peasant , who suddenly appears . The two reaffirm their love , and Silvio persuades Nedda to run away with him that night . Tonio , who has returned and overheard the end of their conversation , alerts Canio , but Silvio manages to slip away unrecognized . Canio violently threatens Nedda , but she refuses to reveal her lover ’ s name . Beppe , another member of the troupe , restrains Canio , and Tonio advises him to wait until the evening ’ s performance to catch the culprit . Alone , Canio gives in to his despair—he must play the clown even though his heart is breaking . ACT II That evening , the villagers assemble to watch the performance , Silvio among them . Beppe plays Harlequin , who serenades Columbine , played by Nedda . He dismisses her buffoonish servant Taddeo , played by Tonio , and over dinner the two sweethearts plot to poison Columbine ’ s husband Pagliaccio , played by Canio . When Pagliaccio unexpectedly appears , Harlequin slips away . Taddeo maliciously assures Pagliaccio of his wife ’ s innocence , which ignites Canio ’ s jealousy . Forgetting his role and the play , he demands that Nedda tell him the name of her lover . She tries to continue with the performance , the audience enthralled by its realism , until Canio snaps . In a fit of rage he stabs Nedda and then Silvio , who rushes to her aid . Turning to the horrified crowd , Tonio announces that the comedy is over . Courtesy of the Metropolitan Opera DETAILS & RESOURCES We want you to have the best experience possible at our performances ! Here are some details and resources to help . Also visit our Opera FAQs or our Accessibility page . Run time : 2 hrs 50 min ( includes one 30-minute intermission ) Understand Every Word : Understand Every Word : Both operas are sung in Italian , but English supertitles are projected above the stage Parking Downtown : get real-time parking availability Pre-Opera Talks before each performance Braille Programs available at The Benedum Center Large-Print Programs available at The Benedum Center CHILD POLICY : Children must be ages 6 and up . Suggestions and tips for bringing children to the opera may be found at pittsburghopera.org/FAQ . All children must have a ticket . There is a 50 % discount for kids and teens ages 6-18 . BENEDUM SAFETY AND SECURITY STATEMENT The Pittsburgh Cultural Trust has implemented new security and bag policies , effective starting October 1 , 2016 , at the Benedum Center and their other venues . You can read their Safety & Security statement ,