One painting in particular ( Lucian Freud ’ s WOMAN WITH EYES CLOSED ) awakens something deep inside Mona , shaking her to the very core . The painting bears astriking resemblance to Mona ’ s Mother , an amateur artist who died when Mona was child . The circumstances surrounding her Mother ’ s death have reverberated throughout Mona ’ s life . The police investigation continues to escalate , bringing an Inspector to Mona ’ s front door . Though Mona lies to the Inspector , successfully sending him on his way , she also knows that her flimsy deception is merely a temporary fix . The police already have evidence connecting Thomas to the crime . It ’ s a matter of time before he is apprehended . Mona must act quickly . Night falls . Mona sleeps . As she dreams , the Freud painting comes to life . Inside a liminal state , Mona and her Mother briefly reunite . Inside this memory , the two women examine the past . They navigate the pain and compromise of a life half-lived , a life starved for color , expression , and connection . Together , they unearth the past trauma that continues to define Mona ’ s future . With the dawn comes many burning questions : Can Mona save her son , save herself and save these priceless paintings whilesimultaneously preserving the memory of her Mother ? WOMAN WITH EYES CLOSED is a new opera about creation , destruction and the art of letting go . - courtesy of the creators DETAILS & RESOURCES We want you to have the best experience possible at our performances ! Here are some details and resources to help . Also visit our Opera FAQs or our Accessibility page . Run time : 75 min Understand Every Word : Understand Every Word : Woman with Eyes Closed is sung in English , with English supertitles are projected above the stage Braille Programs available Large-Print Programs available CHILD POLICY : Children must be ages 6 and up . Suggestions and tips for bringing children to the opera may be found at pittsburghopera.org/FAQ . All children must have a ticket . There is a 50 % discount for kids and teens ages 6-18 . 2425 LIBERTY AVE. PITTSBURGH , PA 15222 P. 412-281-0912 Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Instagram Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Contact Us Directions & Parking Auditions Employment Media Releases Privacy Policy Site Map Board Of Directors Login BUY TICKETS GIVE NOW SUBSCRIBE ©2024 PITTSBURGH OPERA