unto itself—not really southern , not really Midwestern , not really part of Pennsylvania . People just did n't move very much . [ 32 ] In his 2009 book , The Paris of Appalachia , Pittsburgh Post-Gazette writer Brian O'Neill meditates on this aspect of Pittsburgh 's regional and cultural ambiguity . The title of the book is intentionally provocative : `` The Paris of Appalachia '' some have called Pittsburgh derisively , because it 's still the largest city along this gorgeous mountain chain that needs a better press agent . I 've long felt we should embrace that title , though few are with me . Several tried to talk me out of slapping it on the cover , but were we called `` The Paris of the Rockies , '' we would n't run from it . Sometimes we 're so afraid of what others think , we 're afraid to say who we are . This city is not Midwestern . It 's not East Coast . It 's just Pittsburgh , and there 's no place like it . That 's both its blessing and its curse . [ 33 ] Arts [ edit ] Visual arts [ edit ] Greater Pittsburgh is home to several museums , galleries , and organizations which promote appreciation for the visual arts . The largest art museum in the region is the Carnegie Museum of Art , founded in 1895 by industrialist Andrew Carnegie and located in Pittsburgh 's Oakland neighborhood . It is renowned for its collections of 19th and 20th century decorative art , Japanese prints , and old master prints . [ 34 ] Contemporary art museums include the Mattress Factory and the Andy Warhol Museum , both located on Pittsburgh 's North Side . [ 35 ] [ 36 ] Other regional visual arts museums include : [ 37 ] [ 38 ] Frick Art and Historical Center ( Point Breeze , Pittsburgh ) Contemporary Craft ( Strip District , Pittsburgh ) ToonSeum ( Downtown , Pittsburgh ) Westmoreland Museum of American Art ( Greensburg ) Southern Alleghenies Museum of Art ( Multiple locations - Loretto , Ligonier Valley , Johnstown , and Altoona ) [ 39 ] The Maridon Museum ( Butler ) University Museum at Indiana University of Pennsylvania ( Indiana ) Hoyt Institute of Fine Arts ( New Castle ) Venango Museum of Art , Science , and Industry ( Oil City ) Palmer Museum of Art ( University Park ) Erie Art Museum ( Erie ) Juniata College Museum of Art ( Huntingdon ) Art Museum of West Virginia University ( Morgantown ) Sports and recreation [ edit ] Main article : Sports in Pittsburgh PNC Park in the North Shore neighborhood , home of the Pittsburgh Pirates baseball team since 2001 The Pittsburgh area served as a launchpad for the professionalization of both American football and ice hockey in the 1890s and 1900s . The first professional player ( William Heffelfinger ) played for a Pittsburgh football team in 1892 , which was followed by the first open professional ( John Brallier ) , the first all-professional team ( the Latrobe Athletic Association ) , and a participant in the first all-professional league ( the Pittsburgh Stars of the first National Football League ) . In the case of ice hockey , the Western Pennsylvania Hockey League was the first hockey league to pay its players in 1901 , eventually merging into the first fully pro league , the International Professional Hockey League , in 1904 . Professional hockey in Pennsylvania predated the professionalization of the game in Canada ( where it eventually came to dominate in the early 20th century ) by four years . Today , the region is home to three major league franchises in baseball , football , and hockey ; several minor league teams in soccer , baseball , and hockey ; and three major NCAA universities . Pittsburgh area teams Club Sport League ( Conf ) Venue Location Pittsburgh Pirates Baseball MLB PNC Park Pittsburgh Pittsburgh Steelers American football NFL Heinz Field Pittsburgh Pittsburgh Penguins Ice hockey NHL PPG Paints Arena Pittsburgh Pittsburgh Riverhounds Soccer USL Highmark Stadium Pittsburgh Washington Wildthings Baseball Frontier League Consol Energy Park Washington Wheeling Nailers Ice hockey ECHL WesBanco Arena Wheeling University of Pittsburgh Panthers various NCAA ( ACC ) various Pittsburgh Duquesne University Dukes various NCAA ( A-10 , NEC ) various Pittsburgh Robert Morris University Colonials various NCAA ( Horizon ) various Moon Indiana University of Pennsylvania Crimson Hawks various NCAA ( PSAC ) various Indiana California University of Pennsylvania Vulcans various NCAA ( PSAC ) various California Slippery Rock University of Pennsylvania The Rock various NCAA ( PSAC ) various Slippery Rock Franciscan University of Steubenville Barons various NCAA ( AMCC ) various Steubenville West Liberty University Hilltoppers various NCAA ( MEC ) various West Liberty Wheeling Cardinals various NCAA ( MEC ) various Wheeling Seton Hill University Griffins various NCAA ( PSAC ) various Greensburg Carnegie Mellon University Tartans various NCAA ( PAC ) various Pittsburgh Saint Vincent College Bearcats various NCAA ( PAC , ECAC ) various Latrobe Geneva College Golden Tornadoes various NCAA ( PAC ) various Beaver Falls Chatham University Cougars various NCAA ( PAC ) various Pittsburgh Washington & Jefferson College Presidents various NCAA ( PAC ) various Washington Westminster College Titans various NCAA ( PAC ) various New Wilmington Bethany College Bison various NCAA ( PAC ) various Bethany Grove City College Wolverines various NCAA ( PAC ) various Grove City Golf [ edit ] Golf in the metro area boasts such courses as Oakmont Country Club , which has hosted the U.S. Open a record nine times , and Foxburg Country Club the oldest continuous club in the U.S . Such tournaments as the 84 Lumber Classic , Pittsburgh Senior Open and the current Mylan Classic call the region home . Area courses have also hosted multiple PGA Championships , LPGA Championships , U.S. Women 's Opens and Ryder Cup matches . Annual sports events [ edit ] Annual sporting events